It was a rainy Tuesday evening, Nerva sank into the soft cushions of the couch in her nerd-cave, putting her feet up on the coffee table and cracking open a cold can of Kola. Letting out a sigh of relief and frustration, she did her best to try and put the events of that day behind her, and relax with an evening of videogames. Taking a deep breath and a sip of her kola, she fired up her pc and begin idly skimming through the list of games. First she had a look through the RTS section, but those demanded her attention and she was far too tired to give it, which pretty much left her with a selection of simulator and management games. She opened her favorite city builder, pulling up a podcast and relaxed back on the couch fully expecting to spend the rest of the night alone, probably fall asleep on the sofa and wake up the following morning in time for work as usual. Such was the mechanically rhythmic life of an ‘autistic freak’ she thought to herself, huffing in frustration before once again trying to put it behind her and focus on her game…that was until she heard a knock at the door.

At first she sat bolt upright with a start, before cocking her head to one side curiously. As the door cracked open slowly, the pleasant scent of freshly baked pizza began to waft into the room. A red, glowing, sheepish expression peered around the door, an almost unheard of expression from the headstrong protogen who wore it. “Heyyyya Nerv~ I brought pizza!” Tsuzu said. Nerva gawked at her in surprise, raising an eyebrow “Didn’t think I was ‘worth your time’ anymore Tsu?” The protogen sighed, her face looking cresfallen as she gingerly stepped into the neon gloom of Nerva’s nerdcave. “Yeah I…look I’ve come to apologize…I fucked up, sometimes I say things without really…thinking…at all. I was pissed off at you, I was trying to hurt you and I’m really sorry for that, but I didn’t mean a word of it. I overreacted and…I regret that…a lot.” Gently she placed the pizza on the coffee table by Nerva’s feet. “So yeah…this is for you. I know it ain’t much but it’s the best I’ve got for now. If you want me to just go I’ll…I’ll let you play your game I guess.” Nerva’s jaw dropped a little, her expression softening as she was genuinely taken aback by the protogen’s apology. She paused her game and with a soft smile patted the spot beside her on the sofa. “Hey, Tsuzu…don’t worry about it. I get how it is, I wasn’t thinking straight either…it’s been a long day, I’m super tired and you just seem to have so much energy all the time! I just kinda lashed out…I wanted to apologize too but you said you didn’t wanna talk to me anymore soo…” Tsuzu took up the coyote’s offer to sit beside her, gently cuddling up to her and placing a finger on Nerva’s lips as her expression slowly returned to a more familiar, cheeky smile as a playful paw began idly wandering down the front of Nerva’s shorts. “Hey, don’t worry about it~ All is forgiven! For what it’s worth…you do kinda work a more stressful job than me, so if you want I can maybe release a little of that stress while you play your game if you want?”

Tsuzu’s wandering hand gently gripped the girthy base of Nerva’s member, causing it to pulsate and stiffen slightly in the protogen’s grip. A cheeky smirk crossed the goth’s face as she began to gently fellate Nerva’s drooling stiffy. Amidst moans of pleasure Nerva smiled back, “Thanks babe~ I’d like that a lot…if it’s not too much trouble.” Tsuzu began properly blowing and polishing Nerva’s cock, not enough to be distracting but just enough that there was a constant dull thrum of erotic bliss coursing through her loins. “No trouble at all, gorgeous!”

Hours passed like that, the two of them losing track of time as they enjoyed each other’s company. For once, Nerva felt almost like the one in charge, idly enjoying her games as the world’s hottest popstar and best platonic girlfriend one could wish for endlessly pleasured her aching spear. It was true that she needed to release some stress, and Tsuzu knew better than anyone else how to help her do that. Once she had had her fill of Tsuzu’s oral service, Nerva pulled her into a shuddering embrace, surrendering control back to the other. Tsuzu treated her partner to a delightful show of her huge round tits, pinning her down with a passionate smooch and as the pair gamed on into the night more and more clothes came off until the two found themselves spooned together in bed, eyes stinging from the harsh glow of screens in the darkness and tiredness consumed them both.

The following morning, Nerva was the first to awaken. Subconsciously grinding between Tsuzu’s plump round ass cheeks and gently clutching the protogen’s right boob. As she came to her senses she tried to stop herself but it just felt too good. She knew Tsuzu would hardly mind though. The trashy troubadour lay sprawled out in a fluffy black heap, casually wiggling back into Nerva’s grinds as she came to her senses. When consciousness finally greeted her she rolled over and smothered Nerva’s face in her tits before cuddling her partner close and enjoying the sunrise together.