Six women stood in a row before Tuthru's throne, bakers come to present their wares for Tuthru's approval. Each of them held an expertly crafted cake on a tray. Kasia stood to the empress' right hand side, and gestured toward them "I've brought another selection of bakers from your kitchen, my dear! As a reward for their excellent contributions, they have this opportunity to present their work to you in person." Centilla stood to her left, arms folded with disapproval. She said nothing but merely stared at Tuthru with expression like a small thundercloud was raging six inches above her head. Even though Tuthru could only see her out of the corner of her vision, she was well aware of the fox's demeanour and it only amused her all the more. Rising from her throne, she approached the awaiting bakers and carefully examined what they had brought for her. She inspected each one for the slightest flaw or imperfection, but even after several passes she could find none on any of them, the ladies really had gone above and beyond this time to ensure that what they had to offer was utterly impeccable. "As tradition dictates," Tuthru began to announce, "I'll begin by selecting the ugliest of the cakes!". Almost at random, she came to a stop in front of the forth from the left. Standing politely with her hands behind her back, Tuthru looked her in the eye and smiled. "Place it on the floor~" The baker's shoulders sagged, and her face fell into an expression of annoyance and dissappointment. She silently got down on one knee, placing her tray on the floor at Tuthru's feet, before taking a few steps back. Raising one foot into the air, she brought it down swiftly on the awaiting cake with a devious chuckle, its soft delectable texture feeling delightful as it squashed beneath her foot, light creamy filling squishing up between her toes. Her member proudly throbbed as she ground her heel into the slippery mess. Alessa placed one hand comfortingly on the back of the disgruntled baker, "Don't worry, your time will come! You'll prove you're worthy I know it!"
Centilla shook her head, thinking she was out of Tuthru's field of vision, but the dragoness had been keeping half an eye on her favorite prude. "Ohh~? You think I made the wrong decision Cuntilla? Well, if you're more all-knowing than a literal fucking deity why don't you decide which one gets fed to my lovely trash-panda!?" She punctuated the point by pulling Alessa close to her side and wrapping one arm around her shoulders, planting a wet sloppy smooch on the raccoon's face which left a sticky black lipstick mark on her cheek. Centilla rolled her eyes, teeth gritted with frustration as she tried in vain not to let the goddess get under her skin. "No...you know what I think, that it's a waste of good food and that it's disgusting!" With a smirk, Tuthru raised an eyebrow "Alessa...show her what disgusting looks like~" she pointed to another of the assembled cake-bearers and simply clicked her fingers, beckoning for her to come closer. As she did, Alessa took the tray and raised it up to the level of her chest, licking her lips hungrily. "With pleasure, my love~ I give this sacrifice to you, my goddess!" And with that she raised the cake up, tipping the tray so that it fell down onto her awaiting open-mouthed face. Cream and icing went everywhere with an audible squelch, the tray fell to the floor with an almighty clatter that echoed around the vast stone chamber. Alessa fell to her knees, letting out a moan of ecstasy as she smeared lumps of squashed cake all over her face and breasts, rubbing them in and covering herself in a thick creamy mess. She began to lick some of it off her face, moaning in pleasure as the vast majority was slathered over her body, clumps of soft sponge and jam sliding down between her boobs. The sight alone had Tuthru's cock rock hard and aching but Alessa had something else to give her mistress even more pleasure. Gripping Tuthru's huge round rump, she cupped and squeezed it with her cake-covered hands, spreading the godess' shapely cheeks wide enough to shove her snout into her lover's crack and passionately make out with the twitching black ring that lay within. Tuthru's knees trembled a little at the sensation of Alessa licking at her asshole, her face still covered in the soft remnants of delicious cake being squished up into her aching pucker, and hands covered in thick slop that began to stroke and massage her huge divine pillar of pleasure, making it into a similarly repulsive cakey mess.

Splotches of wet icing and chocolate mousse dripped down her legs and landed with wet splats amidst the rest of the mess still squelching around underfoot. Tuthru stood tall, hands crossed politely behind her back, legs slightly spread to let her 5th wife do her filthy work between them, and she looked at Centilla with a devious sneer. "If sacrifices to my glory are such a waste, then you're free to lick up the scraps babe~" Centilla's lip curled in disgust, she could feel vitriolic blasphemies rising up her throat, wanting nothing more than to spit them at the arrogant selfish slob, but she held her tongue and settled instead for merely clenching her jaw in anger.

---

While relaxing away from the midday warmth with a delicious fondue, Alessa became aware of the curvaceous silhouette of her wife drawing itself up to the threshold of her house and propping herself up against the doorway. Tuthru's gorgeous golden body was draped with jewels and she spoke with a deep refined voice, "Afternoon, my love! Mind if I join you for lunch?" Tuthru began to slowly cross the room toward the raccoon, the mischeivious smile and purposeful throb of her semi-erection indicating that she was here for more than just food. As the dragoness strode through the door, Alessa sat up with a smile on her face reaching out her arms toward her approaching lover. "Tuthru!! Of course you can join me dear~ You know I always love your unexpected visits!" The couple embraced on the couch, each letting out a soft moan as their lips locked, and they shared a deep passionate kiss. "Sooo? What you got cooking babe?" asked Tuthru as she picked up a mushroom from a bowl and dipped it into the bubbling pot of cheese in the middle of the table. "Ohh, just a basic cheese fondue. I wasn't expecting you around, or I'd have gotten something more interesting ready." She also picked up a mushroom, gazing at it for a moment before smirking impishly as she contemplated how similar its shape was to the much larger flare of the dragon's fat glistening flare. "Although...that should be a pretty interesting combination of flavours~" She playfully tossed the mushroom to one side and wrapped both hands around Tuthru's semi-hard shaft, staring at it with hungry eyes. As Tuthru swallowed her mouthful, her eyes widened in surprise as she felt her member firmly gripped, hefted upward, and dumped unceremoniously into the bowl of warm sticky bubbling cheese. The table shook under the weight of meat being dumped onto it, causing the bowl to tip over and spill its contents in a messy puddle which quickly started to cool and set. After the sudden shock of hot cheese on her sensitive tip, Tuthru let out a garbled moan of shock and pleasure. Fighting against the sticky mess on the table, her shaft stiffened to full mast, pulling itself away in a satisfying stringy display. Alessa started to lick the molten cheese off of Tuthru's cock, letting out a moan of genuine pleasure at the deep pungent flavour of her lover's cock covered in cheese, before wrapping her lips around the tip and sucking hard, making sure to taste every inch. "F-fuuck~! Alessa...don't stop~" Tuthru's dumbfounded face of pleasure returned to its normal devious grin as she gradually regained her composure, throwing her head back to enjoy her fifth wife's inelegant but deeply effective technique of making her very very happy indeed. Gripping Alessa by the hair, Tuthru forced her hard twitching horsecock deep into her throat and let out a deep moan of bliss as she began to unabashedly orgasm into her wife's face, the thick sticky ballspew gushing in fat dollops from Alessa's nose and mouth. Alessa gagged and spluttered, swallowing as much as she could while the remainder of the hot steamy mess drooled down between her tits. When the dragon was done she released her grip from Alessa's hair, and she reeled back gasping for air, giggling and coughing as she inhaled several thick strings of cum. "Holy fuck, Ru! Wasn't expecting such a generous blessing from you right away~" Tuthru rested her hands behind her head, grinning smugly as she squirted a few more strings over Kasia's face and tits. "Feels too good not to, my dear! Besides, you know what a burden I carry as the ever-virile goddess that I am, I'm always on a hair's trigger~" Tuthru happily pulled her wife close and squeezed her tight, gently feeling up her breasts with a happy moan. Alessa nestled her face into Tuthru's neck, "Still up for more, you insatiable beast~?" "Perhaps...but first I wanna get something to eat. I'm in the mood for doughnuts...think you can sort that for me sweetie?" "Of course, my dear! I'll need some help glazing them though~" The raccoon teasingly swirled a finger around the tip of Tuthru's cock, earning her a thick gooey spurt of precum.