Tsuzu hobbled clumsily across the beach, kicking off her heels and sinking her paws into the soft sand. “Drinks ladies!!” she announced as she made her way to where Kyu and Nerva were chilling out, enjoying the shade of a nearby palm tree. Nerva looked up from her book, adjusting her glasses as Tsuzu began handing out the drinks she was carrying. Tsuzu took a fruity mocktail from the tray she was carrying and handed it carefully to the coyote, before doing the same with a tall glass of iced tea, handing it to Kyu. Both of them gave thanks to the curvy black and red protogen as they sat back and began to enjoy their drinks.

Tsuzu stayed standing, admiring the gold disk of the sun as it inched ever closer toward the glistening sapphire blue of the horizon. She took a swig of her own drink, before letting out a refreshed sigh and wiggling her ass. Covered as it wasn’t by her neon pink thong, she knew full well the immense effect it would have on the two behind her. She turned around to see Nerva’s nervous grin and blushing face, as well as the throbbing hard bulge straining against the dragon’s swimsuit. She couldn’t help but smile two herself at how cute the other two were when they were ungodly levels of horny.

Tsuzu spread herself out on the sand, swishing her tail and digging her toes into its soft surface as she got comfortable in its sun-baked warmth. She rested her head on Kyu’s belly, able to feel the heat from that twitching package so close to her face. Kyu wrapped an arm around Nerva’s waist, snuggling her close as they gently caressed Tsuzu’s head with the other hand. The two of them fixed each other with knowing, suggestive glares as they let the tension build so thick between them that one would have to chew it before swallowing. Nerva felt it too, resting her head on Kyu’s shoulder to admire the protogen as she began to idly play with the corners of her bikini top.

With a mischeivious smirk, Tsuzu took a furtive glance up and down the length of the beach, before looking back at the other two. “I do hope you two don’t mind if I…” with a deep and satisfied sigh she pulled down her top and gently coaxed her tits out, giving them a gentle squeeze before jiggling them into a comfy position on her chest. “Ahhh~ Much better! I’m sure you agree!” Kyu simply licked their luscious black lips and nodded, that bulge in their suit gaining more definition. Tsuzu turned her attention to the dragon’s salacious loins. “How long has it been?” she mused “How long since…anyone rubbed some tension out of that thing?” Kyu smiled, a feint chuckle jiggling their chest, “A few hours maybe, I haven’t bust a nut since breakfast!” Tsuzu smiled sweetly, gently slipping a finger under the dragon’s swimsuit, where the stiffening mass of flesh was now clearly visible under the gap stretched open by its own size and virility. “That explains why you’re…quite so riled up! Fuck, you must be on a hair-trigger!” She pulled the stretchy material to one side, letting the glistening pillar of flesh stand at full mast. Kyu winced with pleasure as their thick and brilliant cock met the open air, shuddering and spurting out strings of precum with each twitch. Tsuzu wrapped her hand around its base, her fingers not quite able to close around that thick log. ”I should be careful with this thing! Don’t want a misfire now do we?”

Nerva let out a light musical giggle at Tsuzu’s expert teasing, Kyu unabashedly letting out deep moans of enjoyment but maintaining their cool composure as Tsuzu softly stroked up and down that pre-greased member. She massaged the foreskin back and forth as precum dribbled near continuously in sticky, messy strings down the sides of their dick. “I wouldn’t worry too much about that sweetie! You know me, I can hold my fire as looooong as I choose!” They let out a deep mirthful chuckle, taking the opportunity to ease their heaving bust out of that already revealing swimsuit. Nerva bit her lip, curiously watching the gorgeous display of abject lewdness before her, swishing her tail happily as she clutched Kyu tight to her chest. She softly let a hand trail down between her thighs to where her vulva was beginning to awaken, hoping the others wouldn’t notice.

Kyu pulled Nerva into their full embrace, sharing passionate smooches as Tsuzu continued to work their fat cock, sucking on each of Kyu’s balls before taking the dragon’s meaty log into her intricate cock-swallowing throat, every inch of its length milking and rotating and vibrating. The taste of Kyu’s precum was amazing, a rich smoky flavour packed with virility and power. Kyu’s moans continued, only getting deeper and more passionate as that thick fuck juice drooled plentifully from their tip. They made short work of Nerva’s top, the coyote squeaking abashedly as her soft bare mounds greeted the cool evening breeze and pressed gently against Kyu’s chest. Letting their hands rest on her plump round rear, Kyu smiled a gentle smile “You should go bare-chested more often sweetie! It suits you! And I know you love being a little bit naughty!” Nerva bit her lip, averting her gaze just a little as she nodded “W-why do you think I love being around you two so much!?” By now, she was grinding her gushing folds against Kyu’s tummy, her breathing quickening as her inhibitions broke down in time with her ever increasing need for that dragon to crack open her womb with their aching fuckpole.

Tsuzu pulled away from the now glistening cock with a messy schlorping noise as the air stuggled its way back into her tight gullet amidst the cloying sloppy concoction of precum and silicone-based salivary compound. After gulping down a few lungfuls of air she lifted her head to look at Nerva “Does it have anything to do with the fact that you’re a slutty exhibitionist looking for plausible deniability to sate your filthy needs around my bull’s spiny bitch-breaker?” Nerva went bright red, hiding her face in Kyu’s cleavage as they pulled her into a reassuring cuddle. “N-no!? I-I-I mean…”

“So…if I were to offer to shove this big meaty wang up into say…here…” saying this, Tsuzu pulled aside Nerva’s panties revealing her awesomely wet lips, dripping hot mess all down Kyu’s front. “Nah…what am I thinking!? Of course you wouldn’t want that!!” Nerva clutched tightly to the dragon before her, slowly looking down to Tsuzu. The protogen’s face was still dripping with that thick, slightly cloudy slime and planted proudly next to that glistening barge-pole which already sported a fresh sticky layer of precum that dripped down that rigid shaft like wax down a candle. She looked back at Kyu, only to be met by a primal grin of hunger as they knew with certainty what her answer would be.

Nerva arched her back, her pussy twitching as she blindly wiggled her ass around to skewer herself on Kyu’s cock. Tsuzu pulled it away, grinning up at her friend’s needy wiggles. “Careful now cutie! You nearly got yourself a deep dragon dicking there! Hell if you keep that up I might even think you want it!!” Nerva bit her lip, blushing bright as she wrapped her arms and legs around Kyu “I-I do…” she trailed off.

“You do what?” Tsuzu responded teasingly, clutching the dragon’s member as though it were some prized artefact under her care and protection. “You want this cock in your pussy? You naughty girl!!! Everyone knows only the horniest sluts fuck dragons!!” she raised an eyebrow and give a mischeivious smirk, “If you say so!!”. With a quick kiss on the tip of that member she pulled back the foreskin all the way, revealing its rigid helmet. Then, with her other hand she gently pushed up the tip, bending the shaft subtly to meet Nerva’s labia before sliding her hand half way down the shaft and pushing hard. Kyu’s legs tensed, as they let out a pleasure-filled roar that echoed around the bay as their fat rod popped into Nerva’s tight snatch. With an unintelligable jibbering her eyes rolled back into her skull as eighteen inches of dragon dick barged their way effortlessly up into her body. She clung hard onto Kyu for support, resting her head on the dragon’s heaving bust as her legs trembled around the massive member. As her lips sealed against Kyu’s balls, spilling their sweet nectar all over those sensitive churning orbs. Tsuzu kept a firm grip on the dragon’s base, kissing and rubbing those fat nuts as Nerva began grinding her g-spot all over Kyu’s textured member with shudders and moans as her body tingled all the way through from the sheer overabundance of pleasure. Kyu cuddled her close, a soft satisfied smile across their face as their eyelashes fluttered in the bliss of the moment. Kyu’s soft kisses worked their way from Nerva’s head, down to her face and neck as they both unrestrainedly vocalized their utter paradise in each others’ embrace.