Huge ceramic wheels locked into place, twisting and aligning whole realities behind their cryptic structure. Heavy stone doors began to grind open, where previously they had been forced together by the pressure of multiverses pushing in on either side, now the counterweight of the mechanism alone was enough to slide them open. The portal took the form of a large stone frame, square in shape oriented with opposite corners at the top and bottom, the world seen through that frame however was not the same as the one as outside, no matter from which side one was looking at the portal.

On one side lay the personal borderworld of the Demiurge himself, the great Kriga, the Neon Eviscerator. Without a doubt the most powerful dragon to ever exist, and by extension easily the most powerful entity in all possible universes. On the other lay the world of Galgara, a simple planet in an ordinary universe. Kriga strolled through the great stone frame, glowing purple rolls of symbols appearing around his fingers as he traced his hand through the air, reading the fabric of reality itself to work out quite where he was and why he had been summoned.

The tall slab of draconic muscle and dickmeat crossed his hands politely behind his back, turning his attention to the rather startled looking male before him who wasn’t quite sure whether to be more mesmerized by the spike-ridged greasy and dripping masses of veins and meat slapping against his thighs as they casually strolled toward him, or afraid. A sadistic smirk spread across his face, the demiurge was here and any dragon knew that meant that this universe would never be the same again.

Kriga glanced at the other, still examining the swirling purple symbols around their hand with eyes black as ink. Letting out a hissing growl he lashed his tongue through the air before him before the black void in his eye sockets was replaced by two sparkling orbs of dazzling violet. With a deep rumbling voice that seemed to shake the very earth he turned toward the one before him, “I take it you are Ranga? The one who summoned me here?”

Ranga nodded, “I’m my tribe’s chief mage. I asked you to come here because the elders are…well they’re being too diplomatic. It’s not the dragon way, but the mortals have evil forces on their side. There were probably other things I could have tried first but with you on our side there would be no way we could lose a war with them, and having studied you all my life I’m more than a little excited to see your powers at work and…maybe be allowed the honour of earning a place in your tribe, though I know that is a lofty bar indeed.”

Kriga smirked softly, “I’d very much like to meet these elders of yours and show them how a real dragon deals with their enemies. As for your own ambitions, you’ll have to prove yourself worthy of any power I might bestow upon you~ Just remember, that as a dragon I cannot give without taking. If needs be I’ll rend apart the very fabric of this universe and rebuild it peice by peice to fit my own desires, there’s a reason most realities consider themselves lucky to escape my notice.” Ranga let out a soft chuckle “Any world built in your image must be heaven for any honourable dragon, and those who willingly serve their betters. I look foward to seeing it, I hope I’m worthy and I accept my pennance if I’m not…” Kriga placed his hand on Ranga’s shoulder, causing him to shudder softly and look up at the lumbering beast. “I sense you are a true dragon deep down, and if you keep being you then you needn’t fear my judgement.”

---

A tall, finely dressed elven woman, a dress made seemingly of green silk, flowing and elegant while still hugging her curves. It offered her a decent level of modesty as she sat opposite the burly brown dragon. “Need I remind you of the forces we have at our disposal?” she clutched a rosary cord around her arm, causing several rune-engraved stones attached to it to glow. Beside the dragon sat a lanky but well-built grey wolf, who bared his teeth and growled a little in anger. “You whore!! Who do you think you are to make demands of us!! You have no right to even speak in our presence!!” The elf got in a threatening look before the dragon diffused the situation by raising a hand “Forgive the disrespect from my colleague, while I share his frustrations at the quite frankly outrageous demands made by your so-called ‘civilization’ I must relinquish that we are, indeed, in no position to resist.”

The dragon gave a frustrated and defeated sigh, sitting back in his throne with a look of pure hatred on his face. The wolf at his side staring at him in disbelief. “That’s it!? You’re just going to give in to them again. Where’s your dragon spirit!?”

“Don’t you see, Kirin? It’s the only way, to protect our people!”

“Protect them for what!? Any true dragon, any true wolf would rather die than live like this.” The elven woman merely smirked condescendingly. “Be that as it may, Ardenfang. Whether your people be dead, infertile or merely following the word of the pure one makes little difference to me. Our goddess’ will be done in any case.”

The council chambers hung heavy with a dense silence for a few moments, before the elf stood up and began to walk away. “A pleasure doing business wi-” she was cut off by an interjection from Kriga “The floof has a point, y’know.”

All of them turned to face the black dragon, who was now dressed in a similar tribal outfit to Kirin and the Grey Dragon. “Who are you!? How did you get in here!?” Ranga peeked awkwardly from behind the demiurge, “Yeah I said we should knock but…they didn’t want to disturb you.”

Kriga nodded in agreement “Yeah, you were having such a lovely chat I didn’t wanna get in the way. Besides, this bitch got a lovely arse and I was expecting at least one dick to go in there at some point with her shooting her mouth off like she owns the place!”

“Excuse me!?” The elf retaliated

“But yeah, like I say, the doggy’s right. You’ve no right to saunter in here and make demands, I don’t know what’s gotten into this lot but for I think the first time in your life you’re talking to a _real_ dragon and if you know what’s good for you you’ll get on your knees and start begging for forgiveness!”

The elf rolled her eyes and pulled an intricate wand from her belt. “Look, I’m not in the mood for this right now. Get out of my way before I neuter you, that’ll teach your foul mouth to shut up for good! Your kind are disgusting and I’ll be happy to see the last of you!”

Kriga just smirked, pulling his loincloth to one side and letting his fat sweaty member flop out with a wet slap as the semi-erect fuckpole uncurled down his leg. The stench hit her like a slap to the face, as she audibly gagged from the reek of dragon cock belching out from the spiny schlong. “Heheh, sweetie you haven’t seen disgusting yet! You really think that twig is going to be enough to neutralize _this_?” He wrapped his hand around his filth-caked cock and begin stroking, smearing its thick greasy coating all over the swelling rod of meat. The elf’s jaw had dropped at the mere sight of the glistening black cock, gazing almost hypnotized in stunned silence as the dragon began brazenly pleasuring himself in front of her, before snapping back to her senses.

“My faith in my goddess protects me from your foul influence, foolish beast! Let this be a lesson to all those who oppose her!” With a cry of anguish, she thrust forward her wand, a beam of pure white light shooting from its tip and latching onto the dragon’s hefty nutsack. For a few seconds it crackled with raw energy, but Kriga looked on unfazed and still casually masturbating. The light beam wavered, seemingly pulling on the elf’s wand instead of pushing as it had a moment before, turning black and crackling in irregular shapes. “What have you done!?” the elf screamed as every crystal in the wand began to shatter at once, its shaft rapidly withering, turning to fetid sludge in her hand and melting away. She stared at it, mouth agape and tears in her eyes “Wh-what!? It’s not possible! what are you!?” Kriga just raised an eyebrow and smirked “I already told you, spermdrain, I’m a dragon…a _real_ one!!”

---

Kirin licked his lips, drooling lustfully as he grinned in awe. “Oh that’s some fuckin’ grade-A dragon magic right there! Why can’t you do that Terras?” he turned to the grey dragon who deflected his question “Please, I must insist you treat our visitor with some respect. If anything happens here she doesn’t like, she can bring down the fury of her kind’s magic upon us. I don’t recognize you, stranger, so I can only assume you don’t know…what’s being going on…”

Kriga raised a finger, shutting the elder up instantly, “Oh, I know what’s been going on. You’ve let these tree-hugging twats roll over you for too long. I know she thinks she’s safe from cock with that pretty bracelet around her arm. I know that if she doesn’t make it back home in one peice, and with her holes un-brutalized that she can call an entire army down upon us…but I don’t care. Because I’m the fucking demiurge of all possible realities and I have a hot bitch in front of me that needs to be taught a lesson~”

Before she could retort, Kriga grabbed the top of her head and forced her to her knees, with the other hand gripping and stroking his long luscious cock. The elf stared in wonder and dread down the twitching barrel of the dragon’s gaping cumhole as it drooled with precum, dripping onto the floor in long messy strings. “Aghh! You runt! You accursed brute! If you put that disgusting thing anywhere near me my enchantments will rip it clean off!”

Kriga raised an eyebrow “More empty threats? Your little twig didn’t even tickle my nuts so I don’t see why your protective runes should have the slightest effect on my cock. Now open wide and I might just let you free after I’m done using you to clean my pipes with.” The demiurge grabbed a tuft of her hair and pulled, forcing her mouth into the tip of his cock. The smokey stink of dragon meat was enough to make her nostrils involountarily close, opening her mouth as she gasped and gagged for air. The dragon’s foreskin peeled back as the pulsating black helmet of that steel-hard member rammed into her mouth, the knob alone practically filling her mouth like an attempt to swallow a jawbreaker. As the first few inches of filthy schlong barged uninvited between her plump and rosy lips the garland of runes around her arm began to glow red hot and causing the flesh underneath to squeak and char, blackening in a ring around her upper arm as the artefact squeaked and popped in vain.

“Hey boys! Wanna see some fireworks?” Kriga laughed and grabbed the elf’s wrist, wrenching her arm above her head. Gripping the base of her skull they shoved their cock deeper in, forcing the elf to swallow the ebony pillar of pleasure. Attempting to dig her teeth into the dragon dick to stop its advance yielded no result. The tough, turgid flesh in her mouth barely reacted to the pressure of her jaw, like chewing down on a steel bar wrapped in a layer of hard rubber. The flesh itself was so slick and greasy that her chomp provided almost no resistance to it sliding deeper into her, forcing her gullet open and spilling its foul salty nectar down her throat.

Her protection band glowed a deeper red, letting out a high pitched whine as the dragon hilted himself inside her, before each of the rune-engraved stones popped one by one in a shower of sparks. She pushed hard against the dragon’s hips, trying with all her might to uncork the dragon’s meaty pride from her throat but he pushed back, effortlessly overpowering her. After letting his sweat-dripping nuts slap against her chin a few times, he throw his head back in bliss, letting out an animalistic grunt of pleasure as his pace steadily increased. Liters of frothing hot, oatmeal like cum began rising up the dragon’s dong, he let go of the woman’s head, causing her to fall to the ground in a spit-drenched choking heap. Lumpy strings of thick offwhite sperm erupted from her nostrils as a greyish-black discharge from the dragon’s cock smeared her lips and their scent clung inside every inch of her throat, as did millions of microscopic fibers that had broken off and lodged in her flesh. Rope after rope of fertile sperm drenched the woman’s body, soaking through her clothes in seconds as Kriga wanked out his orgasm to completion, letting out sighs of relief and satisfaction as his tongue hung happily from his mouth. The slowly cooling cock-cream caused clouds of dense white steam to slowly rise, filling the room with the pungent odour of a dragon’s satisfaction.

---

“You’re disgusting! You’re a depraved monster!” wheezed the squelching pile of cum and elf slumped haphazardly up the corner of the floor. Kriga spat a cruel, sharp laugh into her face as he idly fished behind his foreskin, picking out some wet chunks of black wax and sighing in satisfaction before flicking them in her general direction. “You suddenly sound bitter now you’re not getting your own way~ Please keep talking so I can find an excuse to shut you up for good!”

Ranga cleared his throat. “Ahem…yea! This is Kriga, y’know, the Neon Eviscerator? Mythical dragon demiurge? Yeah I kinda…asked him to come and help with our little elf problem.” Terras looked quite unsure how to respond, merely looking the stooped figure up and down with a sort of bewildered admiration as he casually scraped the thickest of the cum off their still semi-hard wang and began cramming it back into his loincloth with little success. “Oh! Yea he did do that~ Little elf problem is exactly how I would describe it too. If they’re all that much of a pushover this is going to be a dissapointingly brief fuckslaughter, but what can I expect from lesser beings?”

Kirin got up from his chair, a huge toothy grin plastered across his face. “Well, I dunno about anyone else but I’m with the stranger! He’s shown more balls in the last 5 minutes than Terras here in the last 5 years! My forces are with you, Kriga! Victory or death! Every one of us would rather die than let stuck up bitches tell us who we can and can’t fuck!”

Kriga smiled. “Well! That makes things a little easier. That just leaves you, Terras. I understand you’re leader of the dragon tribes? I’m going to give you another chance to earn that title, hell I’m giving you a second chance to even be worthy to be called a dragon… A second chance few ever get, but I’m feeling generous…so you’d better not dissapoint!”

Terras thought for a few moments, before rising from his throne. “Well, having witnessed what I just have, I’d be a fool to deny you are indeed who you claim to be. Even my most powerful mages have failed to find a way to break into these elves’ cursed cunts! And yet you made an envoy of theirs, no less, into your bitch in a little under a minute. I’ve only ever wished to be a good leader of my people, and I’d be honoured to have the assistance of the demiurge himself toward that end.” He picked up a spear and crossed the room toward the others. “Let’s go take back what’s rightfully ours!”

---

Slinging the elf over their shoulder, Kriga dragged her back through the portal. Today had been productive and the crew had agreed to meet outside the portal the following morning. While shaping time to fit their needs would be a trifle for the draconic metagod, Kriga had resolved to sort out some personal business in the meantime, and wanted to leave some space for a bit of light (but much-needed) testicular relief before setting off on what would be a long and fruitful adventure.

The portal closed down behind them, its thick stone doors sealing shut the boundary between worlds. The pair now stood in the portal room of Kriga’s dark tower on the edge of reality, the clawed feet of the avaricious beast squelching as they sunk into the centimeter-thick layer of black sludge that coated the floor. Glowing violet columns of crystal rose up from the floor, criscrossing in irregular fractal patterns and forming almost gothic arches that suspended a vaulted ceiling above

The dragon’s nostrils flared as they took in a refreshing lungful of smokey cock-stench and let out a growl of delight. “Oh, it’s good to be back home!”

“This is where you live!? You sadistic beast!”

“Yup, that’s right. Your goddess can’t reach you here, I can do whatever I want~”

“And what do you want, dragon? What filthy, disgusting needs are you going to use me to fulfil!?” Kriga smiled, stepping into the lift. “You sure now how to make my dick hard you gorgeous bitch~ But to answer your question, I’m taking you to a favorite room of my tower to fit you with a device that will let me enjoy you from afar. From there you may do as you please, but know that I can and will claim your body any time it pleases me to do so~”

The lift dinged open, and Kriga carried the elven woman out into a large room walled with red brick. Holes lined the walls at regular intervals. Most of them lay empty, but the occasional one presented an eager, dripping pussy, completely helpless to resist the unannounced arrival of a dragon’s spunky cock pushing into its delicious soft folds, others presented huge twitching appendages many of which were sunk part way into slowly twisting and sliding mechanisms teasing the eager flesh of their victims. The floor here too was coated in sticky slime, causing footsteps to be left by the dragon as they trudged methodically toward the center of the room. Footsteps which slowly dissapeared as the viscous slop slowly flowed to fill the gap.

At the center of the room was a black leather chair lit by a harsh white spotlight. It gave the impression of a dentist’s operating room if it had been designed to resemble the quiz show Mastermind. Kriga’s cock twitched in excitement as he unceremoniously dumped the elf onto the chair, rubbing his hands together in glee before giving their fat sweaty schlong a stroke for good measure.

He politely put his hands behind his back. Puffing out his chest, its true glistening glory was shown off in the harsh white light and his thin black lips curled into a cruel yet friendly smirk. “I notice you’re not even trying to run, which is just as well because even if you were able to escape my sticky floor that lift won’t budge without my say-so. But something tells me you know this is for the best~”

At the dragon’s comment she looked back the way they had came, as if considering her escape, before looking back in mesmerised awe at the dragon’s thick black cock. “You said my goddess can’t reach me here… Oh~ She can’t judge me for me evil sinful thoughts about that…beautiful, disgusting…thing between your legs. That thing so foul it cannot be but so perfect that it must! Ever since you…took me…I’ve thought about nothing else but your taste, your scent, your…what did you do to me dammit!”

“Nothing sweetie~ It’s only natural that you’d fall to the allure of raw, meaty draconic perfection after denying yourself true pleasure all your life… So why don’t you do us both a favour and stop resisting.” The dragon sank their claws into the soggy material of her dress, tearing through it with ease as he grabbed hold and pulled apart, splitting it right open down the middle of her chest and letting her soft round bust spill out. With clawstroke after clawstroke he continued to tear away the rest of her dress, revealing her nude form. She blushed a little, despite herself as the dragon rent her bare before eagerly running his tongue up between her tits.

The dragon leaned in close to her face, lashing his tongue in delight. “It’s addictive, you know. Any flesh it touches will crave its touch again, and again, forever! So tell me, my little cock-craving cunt, what would you like me to call you?”

“Hah! You really think I’m gonna tell you that? You really think a dumb beast like you is worthy to know my name!?” Kriga smirked, chuckling softly as he slowly strolled toward one of the empty holes around the room’s edge, manifesting a bottle of spray-paint and shaking it thoroughly as he approached the wall. “I can only assume then, that you don’t like the name Andreiya?” In large, neon pink lettering he spray-painted the name “Andreiya” over the neat hole in the wall and then messily scribbled over it in black.

“Wh-what!? How did you know my…”

“I know everything, bitch~ Scrying magic is one hell of a drug! But since you don’t like your given name I’ll have to come up with another one for you! How about…” beneath the scribbled-out mess of Andreiyas name, he scrawled out the word “Slopface” in messy cursive. “Yeah, I think that fits, since you love slobbering on my nuts so much!!! You like that name, Slopface?”

She looked at Kriga with a bewildered smile, almost on the brink of laughter at how ridiculous this situation had become. “Of course not! I hate it!”

“Great! It’s better than your stupid old name then, since you wouldn’t even tell me that~ Maybe you’ll appreciate my creative genius a little more if I make it a bit more accurate though, eh?” The demiurge giggled, gently cupping a claw around her throat. A purple glow radiated as arcane power flowed into the elf’s salivary gland, supercharging it beyond anything that made biological or even physical sense! “Fuck you!!” the elf spat, choking back half a pint of saliva as the stringy thick substance poured from her mouth, dribbling down her chin and she began furiously spitting on the floor in a vain attempt to clear the copious gunk from her mouth while the dragon watched on in depraved joy and happily massaging his aching veiny rods.

Plucking a polaroid camera from thin air he smiled softly and tapped the tip of their sweaty trunk between the exposed, dripping folds of the elf’s womanhood. “I guess I’ve teased you long enough dear. Time to give you what you’ve been craving~” With a mighty thrust he speared the tip of his cock into her, snapping a photo of her face at the moment of insertion capturing her unrestrained expression of pure and utter bliss and pleasure as the dragon claimed her. He smirked softly, looking at the photo as he casually thrust into her, while she screamed and writhed in happiness under the brutal penetration of Kriga’s meaty trunk.

Kriga snapped a few more photos of her face and bouncing tits as the elf finally gave in to her desires. Putting the camera down they grabbed both of the woman’s wrists and pinned them behind her back, pressing his claw around her throat. Her back arched in pleasure as Kriga fucked her deep, his greasy cockhead battering forward into her womb and reshaping it completely with the utter force and hardness with which he wielded his draconic genitals, the lumpy cock-bulge visible rising up and down her belly. Sweaty fat nuts slapped against shapely femininine ass as his tail swished in delight at a prey well and truly dominated. The erect spines dragging along her g-spot caused the elven beauty to orgasm for the first time in her life, and harder than any woman from her realm ever had. As she climaxed around the bestial boner, Kriga planted a wet kiss on her neck, before letting out a primal roar of carnal fury as demiurge’s dick drained its dirty deluge into the elf. Almost instantly every internal cavity not already crammed with meaty hardness was filled with hot, steaming dragon-porridge. The backblast from her pussy alone made a hot creamy mess all over the pair’s quivering thighs as thick slop dripped off the dragon’s nuts in soft chunky lumps, but sperm was being fed into her at such immense pressure that it began gushing impossibly from her mouth, nose and ears in pulsating jets that splurted in time with Kriga’s repeated pumps. After about a minute and a half of satisfied sighs inside their fresh cunt, he pulled out and hosed down his new toy with a few spunky strings.

Picking up the polaroids with their mucky hands, they walked back over to the “Slopface” hole, and stuck them above it, by squeezing out the last few ropes of cum from his most recent nut and shooting them in the vague vicinity of each photo, the sticky sperm quickly setting and acting as a sort of glue to keep them in place.

“Nearly done now, bitch” The dragon smirked, reaching into the hole itself and pulling out a large red crystal. Affixing it to an intricate metal contraption that resembled a thong, he slipped the delicate filigree over the elf’s legs and aligned it such that the gem sat perfectly over her vulva. With a snap of his fingers, the whole arrangement tightened, the cool metal bands clamping down around her and perfectly framing her plump round ass cheeks. “Wh-!? What is that thing!?”

“You’ll see~” , Kriga lilted as he tapped the red crystal a few times with the back of their claw, causing it to glow. As it did, Slopface felt the pressure on her loins gradually ease off, as a portal formed between her nether regions, and the hole in the wall, neatly presented her most sacred place as a part of Kriga’s depraved collection to utilize and brutalize at his leisure.

The dragon yawned and lazily stretched his arms above his head idly beginning to walk towards the lift. “Well, as we agreed you’re now free to fuck off and do whatever. I can set that portal to take you anywhere, in all of reality! Anywhere in particular you want to go?”

“Home! I want to go home!”

“What!? Anywhere in all possible universes and you wanna go back to the one tiny corner of the one bit you’ve already seen?”

“…yeah? I…I think I need to make peace with my goddess”

Kriga let out a spiteful laugh. “Hah! Good luck with that, bitch. If this goddess of yours is even real, then I’ll find her. And when I do…” the hulking black dragon pointed over at the wall, to another waiting gloryhole beside the most recently filled one. “There’s a place for her beside yours!”

“We’ll see about that, dragon!” though her tone was as defiant as could be expected of a woman whose mouth was constantly filling with viscous fluids, her face was unsure about whether she really wanted to see the end of dragonkind and be rid of their warm greasy throbbing cocks afterall.

---

As dawn broke the following morning, the silent serenity of the crisp morning was shattered by the deep roar of a V12 diesel engine. Tracks tore up the ground benath as the demiurge proudly rolled out 100 tonnes of tank through the portal and brought it to a stand before the assembled group. As the engine span down and he hopped out of the cab, Ranga gazed up amazed at the machine. “Wh-what the fuck is that thing!? It’s huge!!” Kriga smirked, folding his arms proudly.

“Hahah, thanks! It’s not even hard yet though…oh wait you’re talking about the tank! Hah, yeah…you know a horse and cart? Imagine that, but bigger, and powered by burning the souls of the damned. Yeah it helps to have one of these hanging around because sometimes my cock ends up 40ft long and weighing like 20 tonnes and it’s the only real way to move the damn thing!”

“When you said you’d bring ‘a vehicle’…this isn’t what I was imagining.”

Kriga shrugged with a smirk, “It’s hard heavy and powerful…and completely overkill! In other words, totally my style heheh~ Oh! By the way I brought something back for you.” Kriga opened up one of the side stowages and picked up a weighty, leather-bound tome from their own library. “You said you wanted to get your head around some of my magic, so I put together a basic spellbook for you to get started with.

Ranga’s eyes widened as Kriga chucked him the book and he began to flick through its hundreds of pages of dense arcane text. Recognizing his rather overwhelmed look, Kriga gently smiled and shook his head “Don’t worry mate, it’s easy as shit to use. By the time we’re done with this little conquest you’ll probably be the most powerful mage in this universe. Then you can start writing your own books, like I do~” Kriga sat down on the track-guard, causing the entire vehicle to noticably tip to one side as the suspension compressed a little under his weight. Ranga sat down beside him, clutching the book to his chest, a little intimidated by the thing. “It’s really that powerful!? I hope the others won’t be jealous when they get here…”

“Ahh, I wouldn’t worry about that! I have something for the others too” The demiurge leaned over, grabbing three enchanted fleshlights out of it and tossing one to Ranga. “Fancy a wank while we wait?”. Casually, he slammed both his members into the warmed and pre-lubed sleeve. Wheezy sucking sounds came from the toy as he began casually massaging his length with it.

“Ahh~ Do I ever.” replied the other, doing the same as he gently teased the tip of his member before working his way slowly down his length. “Ahh yeah~ I haven’t rubbed one out in days, been too busy trying to get this damn portal working!”

“Days!! Faaack, I can’t remember a day in the last millenium when I haven’t cum at least once, if not in excess of ten times. These hyper nuts don’t manage themselves you know. Say, there’s a spell in that book that you might enjoy the effects of right now. Open your book to the third tab and look at the big symbol there.” Ranga delicately did so, still stroking himself with his left hand as he observed the large and complex intersection of detailed shapes taking up almost a whole page. “That’s it, now put your hand on the book and concentrate on it, really take in every detail and hold it in your mind.” He scanned the page, tracing every line and squiggle focusing so hard on one part in one moment that he’d forgotten it in the next as he moved on to another peice, his head hurt with concentration as he struggled to internalize the entire symbol, slowly forming a complete picture of it in his mind, the steadily tightening sensation between his legs not helping with his focus.

“That’s it! You’re getting there!” The demiurge’s proclaimation snapped him out of his trance, unsure how he could be so certain of his technique, before he shoved his shaft as deep as it would go into his fleshlight, and felt the crisp morning air dance over his oozing cumhole. He pulled away, immedeately noticing that his cock was at least two and a half times as thick as it had been before, and with every inch of his meat that he withdrew from the toy he kept surprising himself that his tip hadn’t yet emerged from its gaping oraface.

When his throbbing stiffy finally emerged from his toy it stood at around 18 inches long, where previously it had been under 9. He looked down at it with a dumb expression, not quite able to function properly mid-fap. With the same bewildered expression, his cock twitching idly between his legs, he looked to the demiurge. “Uhh, Kriga…my cock went big!”

Kriga sneered, finishing himself off. Sloppy wet spunk burst from both ends of his fleshlights as he roared happily, soft lumps of greasy fat cockslop stretching out in strings along his veiny dongs. “Welcome to my world!”

---

Terras and Ranga sat beside each other in the back of Kriga’s truck, their newly girthy and meaty endowments throbbed between their thighs, drooling with precum and stiff with lust as their huge godly powerful nuts hung heavy between their thighs and rested on the cold metallic floor of the trailer. Due to the unnatural masses of flesh that now sprouted from their loins, their bodies were working overtime to keep them cool, visibly dripping with sweat that gave them a similar glossy lustre and sticky texture to Kriga’s own member.

Terras’ eyes were completely black as he gazed, almost trance-like, into his black mirror. In his head, he was miles away, the mirror projecting the full sensory experience of being in the town to which they were heading. He found it empowering, the feeling of wondering around the marketplace totally naked yet completely etherial and invisible. Able to walk through walls, he could enter into peoples’ houses totally uninvited, sit beside them and listen to their conversations if he so chose. He licked his lips, the power going to his head a little as his dragon’s lust had his head swimming with naughty ideas.

“Follow your instincts” Kriga’s words still rung in his head as his eyes fixated on a busty yet athletic looking fox that was scampering suspiciously around the marketplace. With a swipe of his hand he was able to render her clothes totally invisible, and he smirked as he took in every detail of her delicious toned abs and plump round rear, his dick stiffening as he drew nearer heart rate steadily rising as he felt almost as though he could pounce on top of her and claim her.

Ranga looked over his shoulder, growling happily as he watched through the somewhat less immersive face of the mirror itself but still delighted at the sight of gorgeous foxy tits. “Didn’t Kriga say you could send messages with that thing too? Does that by any chance include…sensations?” Terras grinned as the woman furtively plucked an apple from one of the market stalls and an idea came into his head. “I don’t know, but I think I know a way of finding out!” He gently took his member in one hand and pulled back his foreskin to release a copious buildup of precum which drooled down the length of his member.

Just as the fox thought she had gotten away with her crime, Terras whispered into her ear in a deep gravelly voice. “I saw that! Thief!” She whirled around, startled only to almost step through the dragon completely and look around in confusion. Just as she was about to write it off as her imagination, he did it again “Under my watch, theives don’t get away with their crimes!”

“Who’s there!” the fox cried out, gaining a few concerned looks from passers-by. “I am Terras! King of the dragons, and the judge of all! You can’t see me, because right now I don’t desire you to be able to, but rest assured I see everything! Don’t worry, unlike the tyrants that rule you now my punishment will be just!”

She whipped her head around in mild panic. “Please!” she whispered “Wherever you are, I beg mercy! The elves will give me punishment enough should I be caught, and I was never driven to crime under the rule of dragons!”

With a member as hard as steel, his tongue hung from his mouth in carnal delight. He wrapped a claw around her left ass cheek and gave a firm squeeze, feeling his fingers sink into the soft plump flesh of her rear. She gave a squeak and blushed bright red, her eyes widening. Tweaking one of the dials on his mirror he saw her arousal skyrocketing and the heat of her pussy visibly increased in its thermal mode. “Then rejoice, my dear. Dragons are returning to your land, and once we do I myself will see to it that you are most content…that is if you serve your punishment well!”

“And…dare I ask what that punishment is?” Terras merely smirked and pressed his member against the tight folds of her dripping cunt. “Don’t make a sound~” with a growl of bliss he began sinking his flesh into her. Through his scrying mirror he could see how wet and ready she was, and the greasy layer of buildup on his dong only made it easier and more pleasurable to slide into her. The fox bit her lip, the dragon’s thick shaft pushing up into her was such an intense sensation, combined with the utter surprise of it being that, in reality, she was still fully clothed.

Deep, quivering breaths escaped her lungs as she tried desperately to appear normal, her reaction to the dragon brazenly claiming her body in the public square, while not even being located in the same postcode as her, was the only thing that might give away the predicament she now found herself in. She did this not only to impress the dragon, not only to avoid getting caught with a stolen apple in her back pocket, but because the pleasure was unlike anything she had ever felt before.

Ranga watched on with a smile, his fat twitching cock ached with jealousy, dripping with greasy dragon sweat which he smeared all up and down his shaft as he casually stroked himself. “I’ve never seen this side to you before Terras! I wish there was a way I could get in on the action though…” He began flipping through the spellbook until he found what he was looking for. The fox gasped as green rings of arcane symbols appeared right before her eyes, even more surprised as said symbols manifested into a portal carving the way for Ranga’s meaty sperm-pole to come clattering through and into her awaiting mouth. The overpowering scent of cock-musk alone was enough to draw attention to her. Gagging and choking noises escaped her mouth as she intstinctually tried to wrench the cock free of her gullet, but already climaxing around Terras’ phantom phallus as her eyes poured with tears of joy from the familiar smokey, salty flavour of a well-bred and oversized dragon dick. Once again she heard Terras’ deep gravelly voice in her ear “Don’t mind my friend, dear. Let him have his fun~ And feel free to show appreciation for his generous gift, in whatever way you deem fit. As a pleasant service-hole you’re under our protection now!”

She no londer cared about getting caught, her quivering legs giving up underneath her as she hungrily devoured Ranga’s sloppy schlong. A crowd had begun to form around her as she came again and again as the firm round bumps of Terras’ pulsating rock-hard cock dug into her g-spot in just the right way. Without hesitation or shame she grabbed her shirt and pulled, buttons popping off and flying all over as her soft round tits spilled out. Between coughs and gags and messy spluttering noises, slop poured down her cleavage as she used them to better service the veiny pillar claiming her throat. Whorish moans rang out and Terras lecherously guffawed at the crowd watching on at the woman, thinking she was such an amoral slut while having no idea that he was even there, drilling her in broad daylight. It was all too much for him, and as another rampant orgasm wracked the fox’s body, causing her to clench around his straining pillar, in that moment his cock erupted into the most intense climax he had ever felt.

The rooof of the vehicle made an audible clang as the first of his cum ropes cannoned into it and left a long sticky streak. The second and third did similarly before his messy spunk began dripping down from the ceiling. He slammed himself deep into the fox, she could feel the etherial shadow of his warm sperm gushing into her with the force of a dam bursting as well as his posessive squeezing of her smooh round ass. In the same moment, he clutched onto Ranga for support, letting out deep growls of bliss as his cumhole gaped and twitched with each creamy dollop of nutsludge that began decorating the other dragon’s chest. Ranga wrapped one arm around his friend, stroking the larger dragon’ shaft as he blew his beans all over him, the elder looking quite cute with his head rested on Ranga’s shoulder and his cock in utter paradise.

Having already trashed three or four fleshlights with his dick since the journey had begun, Ranga was somewhat more used to his newfound size and virility, and was content to traumatize the poor fox’s reputation a bit further before spilling his nuts into her. He smirked as precum, cockslop and ruined mascara smeared down the woman’s face all thanks to sheer size and power of his musky fuckpole. Without the limitations of that sweaty pillar being physically affixed to his hips, he took every opportunity to explore the unique sensations of spinning it around, twisting it down her throat and shoving it deep at otherwise impossible angles. His hyper cock was so sensitive that he could feel every ridge bump down her soft slippery throat, and only once he was content that he’d completely mapped out how every single part of her felt against every single ridge and vein of his mighty twitching member, did he begin to make the portal vibrate. He tensed his legs, his entire dick rattling down her throat as he continued to pump his hips. His arousal was burning, thick dollops of yoghurt-like precum pouring straight into her stomach as his dick was so hard that it physically ached for that final push that would soothe its straining red-hot need, and as he cupped his hand over his own churning slop-coated dragon nuts that push finally came, liters of hot white sperm gushing from his tip and ramming with force all down the fox’s throat and back up out of her nose. The crowd made noises of shock and horror as musky white spunk began erupting from the fox’s face-holes and she just raised middle fingers to the lot of them as she swallowed as much of Ranga’s thick and delicious nectar as she was able to. The rest splurted from her face, completely coating her tits and forming a messy white puddle around her, whose spunky stench rose visibly in thick pungent clouds, stinking out the marketplace with Ranga’s unique sperm scent.

Finally done with using her, Ranga pulled his dick out of the portal and dispelled it resting his hand back on his head as he cuddled Terras close, kissing the grey dragon on the forehead as warm fresh spunk dripped from his pecs. Terras sighed as he gently placed the mirror down, his eyes turning back to their usual reddish-brown hue from the uncanny black spheres they had been moments before. The two rested in each others’ arms, sloppy fat cocks draped lazily over each others thighs as they dripped with fresh spunk and gave the occasional telltale twitch of an orgasm’s aftershock.

---

The pair awoke to the voice of Kirin, who was standing over them wearing padded metallic armour made of a bluish grey alloy polished to a mirror shine. “Gaaaaaaaaaaay!!” the wolf cried jokingly with a cheeky smirk on his face. The dragons had know idea when they’d fallen asleep, but were happy to wake up in each others’ embrace. “You’re not exactly the straightest arrow in the box yourself, fluffy!” Terras shot back with a good-natured smile, idly trailing his fingers over his morning wood. He gently rubbed Ranga’s abs, giving the blue dragon a gentle kiss on the lips, causing him to peel his cheek away from the warm slab of chest muscle against which it had been cemented by his own semi-dried spudge.