Alarm sounded across the city, guards rushing to position to stop the advance of the lone intruder bounding with singular purpose toward the city keep. 10ft tall, and clad only in a leather harness, and thick fur cloak he strolled through the streets barely even slowed down by the oncoming hordes. A squad of three guards assembled in front of him, blocking his passage through the street and barring the way to the inner gate. A cruel smile crossed his face, a deep guttural snarl rising up from his throat along with a laugh of contempt as he reached for his mace, the heavy and brutal spiked iron cudgel tipped with flourescent purple crystals hard and sharp enough to shred armour like tissue paper. Without a second's warning he darted forward, letting out a terrifying roar. The first guard had less than a second to react as the intruder crossed the 40m gap toward him, smashing the weapon into the side of his face. His helmet crumpled like a tin-can, skull cracking as the sheer inertia of the gnarled iron lump carried it through his face, splattering his brains onto the man beside him. The second felt the overwhelming strength of a claw smashing into his breastplate, knocking him back and pinning him against the gate as subsequent kicks landed on his body, crushing it into an unrecognisable red pulp as the repeated battering began causing both his ribs and the gate behind them to splinter into nothing. While the lone invader was distracted, the third landed a strike of his spear, but despite the power and precision of his strike, it hit nothing but the impenetrable scales that lined his body and slipped off ineffectually. Before he could land another hit his legs were swept out from underneath him by a dismissive flick of a powerful, muscular tail, which seconds later came crashing down onto his spine practically splitting him in two. The monster grinned, blood dripping from his claws, his tail, each of the weapons that hung from the leather straps of his harness. He was not a mere mortal, like the pitiful primates he had so callously reduced to worthless piles of shredded flesh. He was a dragon, and a dragon god at that. His powerful thighs flexed with one last kick, the inner gates to the castle gave way, flying open with a shower of splinters and mashed giblets.

Dragging his pair of grotesquely corpulent manhoods along the floor between his legs, Kriga stepped through the open gate, smiling smugly to as he took a moment to collect himself. He calmly sheathed his mace, hanging it next to his battle-axe and warhammer, and retreived an ornate black mirror framed with silver. The tiny intricate device looked almost comical in the dragon's enormous angular clawed hand. As he gazed into it, his sparkling purple reptilian eyes were overtaken by a deep fathomless blackness, reflecting the mirror itself. Princess Bridgette looked on with curiosity, peering out of her window at the highest point in the tower she had been unable to tear her eyes away from the utter carnage this creature had wrought, part horrified, part in awe of how effortlessly he had turned the city streets into rivers of gore in a few short minutes. At least, that's what she told herself, even as she admired the way the scales on his body glistened, highlighting his creaking muscles rippled with each well-practiced act of brutality. It aroused some deep part of her, that she would not admit existed, awakening a dark lust for this superior beast. Then, he looked up at her, his jet-black eyes staring straight into hers as he grinned posessively. Even as she tried to convince herself it was just a coincidence, that he had merely looked in her general direction and couldn't possibly have spotted her, deep down she knew he had looked straight at her, straight through into the black heart of her. Her heart sank, she dived down below the level of the window in an instant, her eyes darting around the room for places to hide. She scuttled to the wardrobe, diving in right to the back behind the row of pink and white dresses which filled it. Pinning herself to its wooden back, she pulled the clothes in front of her, and shut the doors closing her into complete darkness. Bridgette screwed her eyes tight shut for what felt like days, roars and screams sounding from the floors below her, growing steadily louder. Firm thuds shook the ground beneath her feet and she prayed that the beast would tire before the tower fell, but as she heard footsteps trudging up the corridor, far too heavy to be made by any mortal man, she knew those prayers had fell on deaf ears.

Kriga had to stoop to fit in the passageway, taking up practically its entire width. His horns scraped against the ceiling, and the blood-soaked blade of his axe dragged against the floor, carving a path through the glistening trail of precum and grease left by his cocks. He hurled it at the first of a pair of guards standing watch outside the princess' room where it buried itself in the man's chest. While the first guard was distracted with trying to dislodge the weaon from his fractured sternum, the dragon lunged forward and broke the other over his knee like a twig, and a guttural scream sounded as the two twitching halves of him fell to the floor. He retreived his axe from the first, like a woodsman calmly retreiving his axe from a chopping block, only this chopping block bled out almost instantly and fell to the floor as the last limp spurts of arterial hemouraging soaked his tunic. With a sturdy kick, the door popped off its hinges and sailed into Bridgette's room, colliding against the window through which she had seen him. Bending down to fit under the doorframe, he made his way inside, allowing himself a smile as he looked around at her belongings. Bridgette froze, unable to see from her hiding place the first thing to hit her was the smell, the thick smoky musk that caught in her throat and made her gag. Despite her pounding heart she tried not to make a sound as the dragon strolled around her room. Hooking his claws under one corner of the bed, he lifted it up and peered underneath...no princess. He let out a growl of frustration and examined the make-up stand beside it, as he opened up the drawer it snapped off in his hand, and he cocked his head to the side in confusion as he looked at its contents. Opening up one bottle, he emptied it into his mouth...before immedeately spitting it back out again in disgust, instinctually smashing his fist through the mirror in response. He washed his mouth out with a swig of Volcan Ale from his flask. Finally he fixed his eyes on the wardrobe, a satisfied smile crossing his face as he opened it. Bridgette stood frozen in fear as the light hit her face, her eyes still squeezed shut. The dragon saw her instantly, her position given away by the pair of feet in high-heeled shoes that were planted conspicuously at the back. Pulling the hanging dresses out of the way, to take a better look at his prize, Kriga examined her pristine figure, his tongue hanging out of his mouth as he relished her plump round bust and cascading blonde locks. The fine columns of flesh between his legs began to stiffen, thick clouds of steam rising as they came up to temperature. "What you doing in there, bitch? Playing hard to get? You know you really shouldn't toy with your future husband like that!" a contemptuous chuckle filled the room as he wrapped a claw around her waist and forcibly lifted her off her feet holding her up in the light to get a better look at her.

Bridgette let out a cry of surprise, flailing at the dragon's treetrunk-thick arm, trying in vain to wriggle free of his grasp. "W-what do you want, you monster!!?" Kriga's expression stiffened, and he fixed her with a cold glare of dissappointment and contempt "I want what's mine..." He casually threw her against the wall, knocking the air out of her lungs and causing her to slump down in a heap onto her bed. Kriga shrugged off his thick fur cloak, revealing his broad burly shoulders. He spread out his wings and stretched his arms above his head, letting out a few creaks and cracks as though his bloody massacre had been a light warm-up at the gym. The studded leather straps of his harness clung tight to the chiselled rippling blocks of muscle that stood out beneath his thick hide of shimmering scales. Bridgette couldn't help but swoon a little at the gentle purple glow that sparkled in his eyes as they met hers with a knowing expression of sexual hunger, his heavy square jaw hanging just enough to show off the glimmering row of sharp pointed teeth, a cocky posessive smile that made her heart sink and flutter in equal measure. "One thousand years, two months, and ten days ago, your fathers' ancestors founded a kingdom on this land, a kingdom built on the back of a deal made with my tribe. All the lands under this sun are my tribe's hunting grounds, you see, and your forefathers understood that and respected us. I agreed with them that for a thousand years, they would be commit their pitiful human desires free from the interferance of the dragons to whom this land truly belongs. The payment for this would be the most beautiful daughters of their lineage for me to take as me wives...or breeding bitches as my people call them~" With this, the dragon's grin grew further, the twin cocks dangling like two extra legs against the grown began to swell and stiffen. Thick, almost gelatinous beads of sweat were forming over their gnarled veiny flesh, and dripping down their virile lengths, coating both of the massive meaty schlongs in a thick glistening layer of coagulated grease. Each one was almost as long as the princess was tall, a cruel line of spikes ran down the length of each one like a spine, terminating at the base of each shaft where a thick knot bulged with spikes and knobbles irregularly studded its surface. Purple crystals, glowing the same colour as his eyes, were fused with his flesh at regular intervals in two neat rows along the underside of his meat, and seemed to fizz and hum with power as each member steadily stiffened while the dragon continued to tell his story. "Well, the thousand years is up...and I have waited for my payment for two months now!! That your kind would so easily forget what you owe to your superiors is an affront that I will not endure. From the moment you came of age, you were destined to be my cunt-whore, to spend the rest of eternity serving your function as a woman, sucking the cum from my draconic fucksticks!" He seemed to relish every word now, hot jets of clear honey-thick precum jetting from his members with each word, as thick grey grease lazily oozed from behind his foreskins and dripped onto the floor. "Your father sought to deny you that blessed destiny, along with all the other daughters of your tribe which rightfully belong to me! And so I'm taking you all by force, one by one, to remind your species what happens when you mess with a fucking dragon!!! Now, speaking of denying me what's rightfully mine..." Kriga folded his arms and fixed the terrified princess with a serious glare "You're a female, your disgusting human culture insists you cover your body but in the presence of a dragon you should be NAKED. No more of this insolece, take off your damn clothes already!!!"

The sudden change in the dragon's demeanour snapped her out of her trance, she sat up in the bed and began desperately attempting to unbutton her corset. "I...I'm sorry! I didn't know! I'm doing it now!" Kriga waited all of about three seconds as the princess fumbled in vain with her clothing. "I said take it off bitch!!! It's a very simple process!" He lashed his claws straight through the thin materal of her dress and pulled firmly. A rough ragged gash opened up, a brual popping and tearing sound ringing out as the material gave way like tissue paper as Kriga tore through it with his superior strength. In mere moments her fine tailored dress was reduced to shredded rags on the floor. Her plump round breasts bounced out as the firm clamping pressure of her dress was releived from them, and Kriga smiled smugly as he feasted his eyes on the pristine bouncy mounds that were just like he'd been promised all those centuries ago. "Don't you feel better now? So much closer to your purpose, showing your bare tits to an alpha male, just the way it should be~" Bridgette began to stammer out an affirmative response, pulled in by the handsome beast's seductive gaze before snapping back to her senses once more. "Y-ye...wait, what!? No this is disgusting!!" She instinctually wrapped her arms around her chest and crossed her legs. "M-my dress! You destroyed it!"

Kriga rolled his eyes, "You seriously still trying to defy me!?" he dug his claws into the wood of her closet, tipping it over and stamping on its back, the wood splintering beneath his foot. Gripping one cock in each hand, he levelled the pair of them at the pile of clothes on the floor and unleashed a torrent of black slime that would make a firehose look like a leaky faucet. As a look of relief came across his face, the pile of clothing became soaked with the deluge of tar, before sizzling and turning to smoke as it dissolved in the acidic pool that was rapidly forming. Bridgette covered her mouth in fear and disgust, standing up on the bed to avoid the rising tide of ooze that was gradually filling the room and eating away at the plaster of the walls. With a sigh of relief, Kriga cracked his neck and smirked. "Sorry, just needed to take a leak~ Dark magic produces certain...byproducts heheh~ And besides, you won't be needing those anymore. Females are forbidden to cover their bodies in my tribe..."

Bridgette simply stared in disbelief at the dragon, tears beginning to well up in her eyes. Kriga looked at her coldly, cocks throbbing in arousal as he wrapped one arm around her waist and pinned her back down to the bed with a lustful snarl, his twitching shafts pressed up against her nude form. Her heart raced, she wasn't sure whether from fear or arousal as the handsome dragon leaned in to lock his lips with hers. She felt the warm slimy mass of his tongue overpower her own, shoving deep into her throat she uselessly gagged as her body tried to reject the foreign appendage. As he overwhelmed and overpowered her, though, she couldn't help but clutch tight onto his muscular form, a muffled moan escaping her mouth as she dug her fingers into his firm scale-clad flesh. The beast drew himself back and pressed the first of his two cocks up against the dripping lips of her pussy, with a firm push it split her open and forced its way in, repeated thrusts driving it deeper into her body like a hammer striking a nail. He let out a roar of pleasure as her vulva clamped down on his searing manhood, before he spread his wings and began to fuck her, the bed creaking under the rhythmic motions of his hips. Bridgette screamed as her body distended to accommodate the mass of cock that was being forced into her, the agony of it was sublime, but something about him had twisted that pain into something she craved, a deep desperate sexual hunger of needing him to brutalize her more and more thoroughly with each passing second. And Kriga obliged, giving her what she needed as he began to feed a second metre of cockflesh into her asshole, stretching her body well beyond its limits, his will alone keeping her intact as he satisfied both of his aching pillars of need inside her. The sensation was too much for any mortal to bear without their mind cracking under it, Bridgette's face was twisted in depraved pleasure as she held onto the dragon, panting and screaming with paradoxical joy.

Smirking with satisfaction, Kriga wrapped a hand around the princess' throat and squeezed hard, cutting off her air completely as his balls clenched and he squirted his steamy hot load straight into her bruised and battered womb, another stream of hot chunky cum shooting up her asshole and filling her to capacity before rising up her throat and stopping at the iron grip of Kriga's calloused claw. She writhed in pleasure and agony and arousal and disgust as the warm sticky paste gushed into her body and squeezed into every part of her. Desperate for air she fought uselessly against the dragon's grip until she was completely rammed tight with his seed. When he let go she gasped desperately for air, only to inhale a lungful of sperm as it gushed freely from her mouth and nose in thick viscous strings that covered her face. With a prideful smile, he pulled away, letting the idle throbs of his twin members hose down her entire body with his cum, practically gluing her to the bed. Bridgette rolled over, coughing and retching to purge herself of the dragon's sticky fucksludge before she began to gulp down air with tears in her eyes. Kriga slumped back onto the bed beside her, watching on with contempt as her face poured with streams of sludgey white slop. "Ugh...women...so fucking dramatic! It's just a little bit of cum, you stupid bitch, you'd better get used to it because there's a lot...lot more where that came from~" he smirked happily as his cocks twitched and gradually stifened to full mast, drooling with precum once again. "I...I'm sorry! There's just...so much! And...eugh it stinks so bad! I think I'm gonna...I'm gonna throw u-" with that she voided another stomachful of creamy slop onto the floor, coughing and spluttering. Kriga rolled his eyes "Ungrateful bitch, you should be happy to be my wife! It's the greatest honour a female can aspire to, being wedded to the ultimate alpha male!" Bridgette rolled over and hugged him tight. "I'm sorry, m...my love? I-I am grateful! I'm sorry if I didn't show it... It just seems that you dragons have very different customs than what I am used to! It may take some getting used to." Kriga snorted "Love? Love is for the weak~ It seems our customs are different indeed... You can love me if you want, you're only human afterall, and a woman at that. It's about time I took you back to my tribe." With that he lifted himself up out of his bed and hoisted the princess up over his shoulder "Wait! Kriga!! Think about this! If you just...take me, my father will hunt you down and wage war against you and your people!" "Let them...~" Kriga snarled, a cruel grin spreading across his face.

With a swish of his mighty tail, the window exploded outwards leaving a gaping hole in the outer wall of the tower, cracks spreading as the load-bearing wall began to buckle. With a brief runup he leapt clear of the edifice with the princess on his back, despite her screaming and protests. She squeezed her eyes shut, clinging onto him for dear life as the floor vanished away beneath them, replaced by rooftops of buildings that rapidly receded away from them. The dragon spread his wings, catching the air beneath them and lofting the two of them upwards with each flap carrying them higher and higher. From up here it was easy to see the path of destruction that he had wrought on his way in, a near-perfectly straight line of utter devestation from the outer-wall to the princess' tower at the center of the city. Buildings were levelled and fires raged out of control, casting pillars of black smoke up toward them. Finally, the tower gave way, the cracks spreading across its structure becoming too much for it to handle. It toppled to one side, splitting in the middle as a shower of bricks and ironwork onto the streets below. Its cap struck the belltower of a nearby church, causing a satisfying 'dong' to ring out, as it too collapsed and shattered into ruined masonry and broken glass. Bridgette watched on in disbelief as her home collapsed into ruins behind her, the cold wind whipping over her naked body. But the thing that scared her the most, was that she loved him, despite everything some inexplicable force drew her to the beast that had claimed her as his own, and so she held him tight, knowing she would be his forever, never to return.