Tuthru Relaxed back in her pool, and took a sip of her wine. To her left, Tanya gently caressed her, the warmth of their voluptuous chests pressed gently together. “I always imagined it would be more stressful than this, being the wife of a god-queen!” Tuthru giggled, giving Tanya a passionate smooch on the lips. “Careful now dear, you’re not my wife yet heheh~” Tanya giggled happily. “I know love, but you’re already a god…obviously, and you’re about to be a queen and…hopefully…I’ll be your wife shortly after! Can you blame me for being just a little excited about that?” Tuthru smiled sweetly at her lover, “Not in the least dear. If it weren’t for the prudish laws in this country we’d be married already!” She cradled Tanya close, gently caressing her rump as she allowed her own member to steadily harden, breaching the surface of the water and creating a thin oily film centered on her tip. Tanya smiled sweetly at the fat shaft, gently sliding her finger under the foreskin and rubbing gently. Tuthru moaned deeply, arching her back before letting out a frustrated sigh and pushing Tanya’s hand away from her cock. “Aghh~ I wish I could dear, but I can’t right now. The envoy could be here any moment now and I don’t want to greet them with a raging stiffy. I want to at least give the impression that I’m in control of my cock, and not the other way around.” Tanya nodded solemnly, recoiling back a little so as not to accidentally make the problem worse. She eventually settled for just resting her head on Tuthru’s shoulder with her arm around the dragon’s waist.

Before long, the steady rhythmic clacking of high-heels on tiles began to echo around the bathhouse. Tuthru smiled, not even bothering to look around at the new arrival. Sonya stopped just short of the edge of the pool. “Your Radiance…There is an envoy here to see you.” Almost in sync with one another, Tuthru and Sonya smiled at the words. “Excellent news my lovely~ Send them through.” With that, Tuthru stretched her arms above her head and stood up, planting one last kiss on Tanya’s face. “Return to the garden, my sweet. I’ll see you later on” Tanya nodded eagerly as Tuthru began climbing the steps out of the pool, picking up her robes from their rack by the entrance and sliding the revealing silken garment over her shoulders, her jewellery jingling as she gently shook her shoulders. Her wet curvaceous form glistened in the light, a refreshing warm breeze blowing over her from the courtyard. Tanya followed her out of the pool, flashing a wink to her lover “Good luck, my love! Not that you need mine~”. Tuthru returned the wink as Tanya skittered off back toward the harem garden.

She sat down daintily at a small table a few steps from the edge of the pool where a fresh pot of tea had already been set for her. She began pouring herself a drink as she gazed at the pair of fuzzy shadows slowly approaching from the other side of the bathouse curtain. A rather dishevelled looking herald was escorted to the other chair across the table from Tuthru. “Do sit down dear, you’ll take a drink?” He sat down gingerly, looking up at Sonya who nodded curtly. The herald looked across at Tuthru, “I-uh…Yes, please, your Radiance.” Tuthru smiled and poured another cup, gently placing it in front of him. “So, tell me, what is it you’ve come to discuss?”

“His Majesty the King has accepted your terms and…is abdicating his throne effective immedeately…” he looked up at Tuthru, awaiting some kind of response, but she sipped her tea as though it were the most normal thing in the world. After a long pause she responded. “So, Eppelia is no more. Finally, justice for my people! And…as leader of the Kaldari faith…that renders me soverign of this land, am I correct?”

He nodded “If you deem it so, your Radiance. What should I tell the er…former king?”

“Tell him I think he’s made a wise decision…I have some announcements to make”

---

Tanya lounged back in one of the swings around the harem garden, gently rocking back and forth as she chewed on her bitterweed gum. Just beside her, sitting on a pile of cushions was Alessa the two of them just chilling out in the garden, the hot sun making them both drowsy and unwilling to move. “…and she said that when she saw me next she’d be queen of the world, and that after that nothing was gonna stop her marrying my ass and I’m just like ‘ohhhh take me my love’ but she’s like ‘no! I gotta make sure my dick’s nice and soft for the stupid little king’ aghh fuck that am I right? I swear to fuck once she’s my wife I’m not gonna ever let her go, that fucking dick of hers ain’t gonna know what’s hit it, poor thing hehe! I’ll make sure the whole world knows the pleasure my goddess deserves. Hahh~” Alessa smirked, just idly listening to Tanya’s ramblings. “Sure thing babe, just so long as I get dibs on it when you’re breathing between throatfucks okay?” She held up a hand, and Tanya returned the gesture by swiping her palm to Alessa’s. “Sounds good babes, that being said something tells me we’re going to be getting a lot of help around here! You know what our goddess is like~ Ahh, I love her so much, still can’t get over that time she broke TWO fleshlights in a single night. Not that I minded being in the splash zone on that occassion let me tell you! Ahh it was…” Alessa stopped listening fully, drifting off a little and generally just happy to chill out with her best friend.

A gentle, yet refined voice broke the two of them from their trance. “Ladies! Your presence has been requested by a certain…god-queen of Kaldaria.” Phoenecia stood over them, wearing her ceremonial robes and mask. The hippy, mature doe gestured over to Tuthru who was strolling into the garden with her hands behind her back. Golden chains dangled daintily from her cock-rings as she cast her eyes over the garden and the young and supple concubines therein. As she saw Tanya’s eyes widen and shoot over to her, she beckoned the chesty raptor over to her with a posessive grin. Tanya got up and practically sprinted across the garden into Tuthru’s open arms, Alessa shortly behind with a brisk walk. The goddess greeted both of them with a few passionate kisses on the lips, wrappin an arm around each of them as they began kissing and fondling their lover’s elegant form.

Tuthru grinned from ear to ear as she walked her two lovers through the garden “Ohh boy am I glad to see you two! It’s been a long day but…guess who’s the fucking queen now!” She flopped down onto the garden’s bed-throne with a sigh of relief. “Ahh dammit, my legs are so stiff…all three of them heheh.” Alessa smirked, reclining beside her. “Need a good rub down then Ru?” “Why don’t you tell us what the new world is gonna look like, with you in charge” added Tanya as she slid her hand gently between the dragon’s thighs and began gently fondling her heavy plums. Tuthru moaned softly as Alessa began working on her feet, her cock twitching hard and heavy as Tanya lovingly caressed her balls. “Well…” she began “First off, Eppelia is gone. This land is Kaldaria now, secondly casino chips are legal tender now. Might sound like some bullshit right there but what it really means is those that refused to pay their tithes don’t have two beans to rub together!! There are now…heavy penalties for not paying one’s tithes so that means we won’t have to live in squalour anymore. Oh yeah, and Kaldari marriages are the only legally recognized type now soooo…if you remember our conversation this morning Tanya. I’m now two for three, and we have a lot of discussions ahead of us. As do we sweetie” she added that last part, looking down at Alessa. Tanya squealed excitedly. “Ohh~ My goddess!! How can I ever thank your generous heart for even considering giving me the honour and the pleasure to serve you as your wife!!” Tuthru firmly gripped Tanya’s feathers in her left hand and looked down at her with a posessive sneer. “I’ll tell ya how you can thank me. You can start by being the first person to get throatfucked on Kaldari soil!”

Without a second warning she shoved her fat draquine bitch-breaker down Tanya’s face and gripped her skull in both hands, using her flawless face to gratify her dick into. Between coughs and splutters, Tanya’s happy pleasure-filled moans could be heard. Sloppy strings of saliva pouring from her mouth as she coughed up that veiny sweat-dripping schlong two or three times every second. Thick curved spines protruding from the rim of her flared tip stiffened in Tanya’s throat and locked it deep in her throat as Tuthru wasted no time forcing the raptor’s lips to the base of her dick. A cloying mixture of Tanya’s throat fluids mixed with Tuthru’s cocksweat and precum, pouring from Tanya’s ruined facehole in thick sticky strings, smeared down to the base of the cock by her tight plump lips and then dripping down over the steaming surface of the dragon’s churning plums. Alessa begin sucking on those glistening nards, struggling to fit each of the potato-sized orbs into her mouth, rubbing down the left while she suckled on the right and vice-versa. By now, Tuthru had let go of Tanya’s head, the raptor dutifully kept the pace set by her goddess as she let her arms rest, passively enjoying the two women willfully brutalizing their faces on her junk.

With a contemptuous sneer on her face, Tuthru rested her head on her hand, clicking her fingers in the air. “Hey! Phoenicia! Those snacks ain’t gonna get themselves!” The deer bowed politely, “Of course, your radiance, I’ll fetch them right away!” Tuthru smirked softly, “And fetch Leksah too, I’m probably not gonna last too long, but I may have some fresh ‘produce’ for her!!” Phoenecia trotted elegantly out of the room, returning a few moments later with a trolly sporting a flawsess display of cheescake, brownies, cookies and a big bowl of fresh chips, crispy and golden. Tuthru immedeately began digging in, adding her crunching and chewing noises to the wet sloppy cacophony echoing between her legs. She patted the bed beside her, before holding her arm out for phoenicia who lovingly obliged, sliding her svelte form against that of her dragon lover. The two gently caressed as precum began dripping from Tanya’s nose, now that so much was being pumped into her. Tuthru let out a grunt of frustration, getting handsy with Tanya and Alessa once more as she begin forcing them to take her deeper, Alessa stroking the shaft and kissing the base as Tanya’s lips slid up to the tip and let her work her tongue before swallowing down once more. “Don’t you bitches dare stop! I’m right on the edge!!” Tuthru’s hips began to twitch in pleasure, catching the attention of a particular raccoon who dashed toward her with a collection bowl to catch the excess slop now dribbling in a near continuous stream off Tuthru’s nuts. “Such a waste! Just dripping away! There’s a lot of flavour in that love-nectar you know, not that you heathens would understand the lengths I go to for you!” she folded her arms and pouted, looking a little spurned. Phoenecia raised an eyebrow “Leksa, nice of you to join us finally! Maybe if you didn’t fuss around so much you wouldn’t miss opportunities to show your devotion!”

“Ladies! Please! Both of you pleasure me adequately, and I love you both. There’s no need for animosity, least of all when I’m about to blow!” Tuthru spread her legs, bracing her feet against the floor as she thrusted up into Tanya’s face, shoving her gorgeous glistening lips right the way down till they sat tight against the pulsating pair of potent plums that were gradually beginning to drain their load. Tanya’s eyes widened as she felt liters of custard-thick fucksludge being squirted down her neck in rhythmic satisfying squirts as Tuthru throw her head back in pleasure and let out a roar loud enough to let everyone in the palace and beyond that the goddess had cum. The thick shots of sperm filled her up fast. Unable to pull away even if she wanted to, Tanya swallowed every burst she could until it gushed from her mouth and spurted from her nose. Thick white strands poured from her eyes and mixed with her already smudged mascara running down her face. Sensing her plaything couldn’t fit another drop of pole-pulp inside her, Tuthru simply pressed her foot against Tanya’s face and pushed until her dick popped free of its sheath with a satisfying pop. Thick white ropes of sperm flew through the air, covering Tanya, Alessa and Leksa with a thick layer of pulpy slime. Three pairs of hands descended on that glistening shaft, rubbing it down for minutes on end until everry last rope of cum has spurted its way free of the colossal divine member, and for a little longer still until Tuthru raised her hand. As each rope flew, torrents of fertile spunk flowed down the length of Tuthru’s cock and dripped down off her nuts into Leksa’s bowl, filling it until it overflowed.

“An impressive show, my love~” Phoenicia cooed, resting her head against Tuthru’s shoulder. Tuthru smirked, gazing down at the filthy three clustered between her legs and covered in fresh spunk. “Heh, yeah that felt pretty good I guess. You girls have got more in you though, I know it. C’mere, and Tanya, you can see to keeping me fluffed. You look like shit with your makeup all fucked.” Tanya giggled and nodded happily as she lay down beside Tuthru top-to-toe and began licking up the strands of cum that stubbonly clung to her lover’s dick. “Sure thing my love, I won’t even look at you till I’ve fixed it for you.” Tuthru patted Tanya’s ass affectionately. “Good girl, I love you so much…I love you all so much. Speaking of which, there’s something I want to talk about, but we’ll wait till Sonya and Kasia get here.

Sonya poked her head through the curtain into the garden, holding it open for a cute rodent who scuttled on in ahead of her. “We in time for the talk love?” asked Sonya as she joined the rest of the harem. “Wouldn’t start without you dear!” Tuthru smiled as Sonya unbuckled her robes and shed them on the floor in a pile next to Tuthru’s, before pouncing on the bed and snuggling up opposite Phoenicia. “So…” began Tuthru “I’m queen now, I have effectively absolute power over everything that was once Eppelia. Now, obviously, every queen needs a consort, but I’m no ordinary queen, and since I’ve basically redefined what’s legally meant by the term marriage this afternoon, I see no good reason why I shouldn’t be allowed six. Six entire women all to myself, sounds like the sort of privelidge I deserve, does it not? Now, it just so happens that there are six beautiful ladies within breeding range of where I am right now! Six beautiful ladies who know full well that I love them more than anything or anyone else in the whole world. So, now comes the question, which of you hot bitches wants to marry this filthy foul-mouthed fuck-addicted Dragon Goddess of Decadence!!!” She grinned in delight and sat back as the inevetable clamour of approval began, and all of them began squealing in delight and showering her with wet kisses and compliments, and Tuthru just smirked as she bathed in her wives’ praise.

---

Tuthru pored over the cards in her hand, selected two that were of no use to her and placed them on the green baize table beside her, before smiling to herself and taking a sip from her glass. The sun had long since set and all that remained was the deep navy of the night sky. By now everyone had moved indoors, specifically to Tuthru’s drawing room for a game of cards. The room was cozy and well furnished, candles and oil-lanterns lit the chamber with a comforting golden glow. Tanya looked confusedly at the cards on the table, and hesitantly took one from her own hand and placed it on top of them. She hesitated for a moment, and then nodded to herself with a confident smile, looking up at Tuthru, “Hahah~ I got you now my love!” Tuthru’s indifferent sneer gave nothing away as she turned to Sonya. The dark-scaled saurian was freshly oiling up her cock from a heated jar of oil by the couch. She wiped off her greasy hands on her balls before attempting to scrub them clean with a hand towel. “Fuck! Tanya! I wasn’t expecting you to go that quick, you normally take ages!”

“Hahah, _I_ take ages!? You’re the one who can last three hours of my oral attention without breaking a fucking sweat babe~” Tanya giggled, flashing a flirtatious glance at her fellow concubine. Tuthru smiled softly. “Take your time love. There’s no rush, these cis girls don’t get how important it is to keep one’s cock well oiled~” Sonya hastily took a look at her cards, and then another, closer look at the ones on the table, before drawing two from the deck. She went back to casually nursing her erection and watched Tuthru with interest. Tuthru raised an eyebrow, shrugged and set four cards on the table beside Tanya’s. “I knew you’d do that dear~” She reached over and pulled a stack of gold coins to her end of the table, letting out a satisfied chuckle as she did. Tanya smiled and rolled her eyes, letting her hand of cards flutter to the table as she cuddled up to Sonya and took over the work of soothing her throbbing stiffy. Tuthru smirked and laid back across the couch, putting her feet up, “Looks like _I’m_ gonna be the one who gets to test Kasia’s new formula! Grease me up bitch!!” She grinned and snapped her fingers in the air, gesturing for Kasia to approach. The rodent got up from her seat, clutching a large turkey baster like peice of apparatus filled with a silvery-grey paste. “Sure thing Ru! Where do you want it?” Tuthru stroked her throbbing hard cock, grinning gleefully at the alchemist “Guess~”

Kasia squeezed a long, even rope of paste snaking down Tuthru’s log, as though putting ketchup on a supersized hotdog. When she reached the base she drained the last of it in a big messy splat on the dragon’s nuts. A warm sensual tingling begin to spread through Tuthru’s flesh, and her normally calm and composed facade began to crack as she began to moan and writhe under the unexpectedly pleasurable sensations. Kasia began rubbing in the greasy compound, spreading it thin over the dragon’s twitching junk and letting it soak into her flesh. As it did, the veins of her member began to bulge and strain, standing proud of the surface of that fat cock as though trying to escape. Her shaft hardenened, spines standing stiff on end as her tip flared. Then, with a resounding creak, her cock began to visibly thicken, growing in length under Kasia’s careful touch. Her balls followed suit soon after, audibly gurgling and churning hungrily as they drooped low under the ever-increasing weight of sticky fucksludge building up inside them. Within seconds, Tuthru’s cock erupted with spunk, unable to contain the gushing torrent of semen that splurted up into the air and showered her like she was lying under a waterfall. “Ohh~ Ohh fuck~ You cannot begin to imagine how good this feels!!! Sucks to be you two! You wish you won, bitches!!” Tuthru flipped off the others, before giggling and angling the barrel of her cannon to splatter them with fresh batter. Sonya and Tanya kissed each other, taking in the show as their love came her brains out all over them.

When Tuthru finally stopped cumming, Kasia gently removed her hands from Tuthru’s still rock-hard cock. It was a good 8 inches longer than it had been, and fatter and veiner to match. “Holy shit…that was amazing! I’m still so fucking hard, I’m still so fucking horny!!” Kasia responded, proudly admiring that huge pillar of pride between her mistress’ legs, “That’s the idea my goddess. The effects will likely only last a few hours to a few days, but if you’re willing to fund my research I can start producing more of this stuff.” Tuthru grabbed Kasia under the arms and pinned her against the wall, her raging boner pressing up between her tits as she ground it against the rodent’s belly as a deranged grin spread across her face. “I want an oil tanker!! And I don’t mean a tanker full of that stuff, I mean I want a cock the size of a physical fucking oil tanker!!” she gigged excitedly kissing Kasia’s lips. The rat returned the kiss, giggling nervously as her lover pulled away “It…uhh…it’s made in part from ground platinum my dear, that stuff ain’t cheap heheh~” Without hesitation she plunged her hypersized horsecock all the way into Kasia’s womb, punching through her cervix with her blunted flare and locking her shaft in place with her straining cock-spines. “I DON’T CARE!!! I’ll divert funds from medical research, public healthcare, whatever it takes!! I want my dick big!! Even if only for a few hours!” She gripped Kasia’s ass, hurling her bodily onto the card table and pounding her feral, cumming again quick in record time. Tanya looked at her with absolute devoted adoration, “Ohh~ My goddess!! Here I was thinking your divine godhood couldn’t get any more beautiful, any more perfect; but how wrong I was! It’s like I’ve opened my eyes and seen true beauty for the first time~ Even after all the wonders you’ve shown me~”

“Not gonna lie, this bitch is right.” Sonya added, “Big dick does kinda suit you Ru. Ohh I really wanna try that stuff when we get some more~ With your permission of course.”

“Haha! Of course my dear! The winner of this game was only to be the _first_ to try it, I’ll make sure you get your fair share. And I’ll make sure nobody outside of these walls does, would be such a shame if there were a bigger dick out there than yours or mine wouldn’t it!”

Tuthru looked down at the cum-covered card table, with the roughly Kasia-shaped shadow. A very heavily cum-drenched lab rat lay panting, still impaled on her giant dong which was now soft enough to pull away. She did so, leaving the alchemist’s spent body limp on the table and dripping with sperm. Tuthru gave two claps above her head, “Someone clean this lot up, I’m going to bed.” She turned to Sonya and Tanya, “And you two are coming with me. Something tells me it’s going to be a messy night, and my cock is gonna need its own snuggle buddy in its current size~”

---

Tanya woke up the following morning as the sun peeked in through the windows of Tuthru’s private quarters. Sandwiched between Tuthru and Sonya, she smiled and snuggled into her mistress. The dragon’s cock was still larger than normal, though not quite as large as it had been the previous night, and finally soft after countless nocturnal cumshots triggered by an overeager member rubbing against Tanya’s body. As she slowly roused, Tuthru pulled the raptor in for a tight hug and kissed her head, “Morning babe~” Tanya smiled and planted a kiss on her goddess’ lips “Morning my queen~ Last night was so much fun! You’re amazing, I love you so much.” She blushed softly, hugging her lover tight and gently grinding her breasts against Tuthru’s.

Sonya lazily opened one eye and smiled, “Morning you two, have a good sleep? Well…” She lifted the covers, revealing a stringy layer of sticky cum tacking them together with her body inbetween. “As good as can be expected with that dong on a hair-trigger!” Tuthru smirked softly. “I slept very well, thank you dear. Being the single most powerful woman on the planet certainly does come with a certain…satisfaction.”

“Not single for much too longer though hopefully.” Tanya giggled, giving a knowing wink to her bride-to-be. Tuthru smiled and gently stroked Tanya’s feathers “Indeed my love! I haven’t forgotten, in fact wedding plans is something I wanted to talk to you about at length today. I want you to be the first that I wed.

“But first might I suggest a shower and some breakfast, dears?” interjected Sonya, “Not to mention that I do have a few appointments scheduled that’ll require your presence Ru.”

Tuthru stretched lazily and rolled her eyes. “Yeah, you’re right I guess. C’mon Tanya, we can discuss it over breakfast if you like, but I do have a fairly full day today doing…queen shit.” Tuthru threw off the covers and gave Tanya’s rump a firm spank. She got up and gently spread out her arms, Sonya following shortly after draping the queen’s silken robes over her shoulders. Wrapping an arm around the waist of each of the others they began walking toward the bathhouse.