“It’s perfectly safe, my queen!”

“Yes…that’s what you said about your ball-growth formula. But when we tried it on Sonya she was bedridden for two weeks with a pair of beanbags churning between her legs!!”

“Okay so the concentration on that was a bit too high.”

“The cleaners had to burn all her curtains, bedsheets and soft furnishings!! Everything was completely soaked through and encrusted with spunk!” Tuthru sighed, rubbing the bridge of her nose and sighing, before looking the eager young lab rat in the eyes again. “Look, I appreciate your work Casey, but can you at least stop giving my beloved wives untested chemical experiments from fresh out of your lab! Could you not, say, test this on some other slaves that aren’t so valuable to me?”

Casey grinned sheepishly, scratching the back of her head. “Well…I mean I probably could but…and you’re really gonna hate me for this but…I already gave it out. They’ve been chewing on it all afternoon”

“You what!? Who’s taken it!? What is it even meant to do!?” Without waiting for a response, she began dashing toward the harem, throwing the curtain aside and casting her gaze over her horde of precious, beautiful wives. She took a sigh of relief to see that her favorites were still…breathing, and the general business-as-usual demeanor of the women milling around lead her to believe that everyone was okay.

Tanya smiled as Tuthru burst through the curtains, relaxing with her feet up as she worked on a piece of cross stitch. “Thuthrhuh!! Washn’t exhpe- SLUUUURP! Wasn’t expecting you back yet! Sorry about thath, been pheelingh a bith wierd all…SLUUUURP” she shook her head in confusion, not quite sure why her mouth was so overly full of saliva today. It was making it difficult to even talk! Tuthru crossed the room, firmly gripping Tanya’s jaw and swabbing out her mouth with a finger and pulling out a half-chewed lump of light blue putty-like substance with crushed up leaves.

“Tanya! What is this? Did Casey give it to you!?” Tanya only nodded in response, quite unable to reply as the moisture on her tongue began escaping from the corners of her mouth, despite her best attempts to swallow it and keep it in. Casey stood in the doorway, nervously peeking in to see the results of her experiment. Tuthru whipped around and stared daggers at the rodent, “What did you say this shit does again!?” Casey squeaked nervously “I-It’s a bit of an upgrade from the standard bitterweed gum. This one includes a few new herbs to stimulate their salivary glands since…well you talk so much about how important it is that your cock-worship rituals need to be…sloppy.”

Tuthru smirked softly, looking at Casey, then at the gum in her hand, and then back down at Tanya who was now inadvertantly blowing bubbles as thick strings of greasy-looking saliva slid down between her tits. Tuthru’s cock began to rise, veins bulging as it stiffened, tip rising up to Tanya’s face. She turned to Casey “Fetch everyone you gave this stuff to! I need them all in my quarters immedeately!” She grinned happily, taking Tanya’s hand and walking her to the bed-throne. By now, Tanya’s cheeks were puffed out like a hamster, trying to hold in the overabundant fluid in her mouth. “Don’t swallow, my dear. I, Tuthru, in my generocity have freely given you an outlet for that filthy mouth of yours.” She lay back on the throne, letting her erect cock present itself standing tall between her legs. Tanya merely opened her mouth and a vile dollop of stored-up spittle came rolling over her gorgeous plump lips and slobbering down Tuthru’s hot member. With messy smooches and soft sucks she began distributing that sticky film all over the ebony horsecock that twitched in approval between her lips, before she began actively spitting on the thing. The percussive splat of fresh gobs of spit smacking against her sensitive flesh was just the thing Tuthru had dreamed of, her cock twitching in pleasure at a dream come true as her shaft was covered in record time in a thick sloppy layer of greasy slobber.

Tanya didn’t stop there though, smearing the salacious substance all up and down that hot black cock, her plentiful spit being copiously applied to any spots that were drying out as she did her utmost to keep that whole member pleasured. The runoff alone was enough to send thick strings of spit dripping off Tuthru’s churning fat plums. Pleasurable though it was to feel it dripping off them, she couldn’t help but think of it as a waste of gorgeous hot slobber as it left her hungry flesh to become an indellable stain on the silken padded floorsheets.

As Tanya’s tongue worked its magic across Tuthru’s flesh, inadvertantly blowing bubbles over her sensitive tip as litres of saliva drooled down that fat shaft, Krystal arrived in Tuthru’s chambers similarly struggling to contain her oral emissions. Tuthru simply pointed down at her fat sack and Krystal immedeately understood, smiling as she gave an obedient nod and began to take care of the thrumming package, noisily slobbering and slurping up Tanya’s leavings as the blissful coolness and pleasure of soft wet lips graced Tuthru’s genitals from two locations.

Tanya could tell her mistress was thoroughly enjoying this new kind of pleasure and immedeately began doing her best to serve. Slobbering, sucking, slurping, deliberately making the degredation of her gorgeous face on Tuthru’s cock as messy and noisy as she could, as more concubines entered and immedeately set about praising it with extatic moans. In sheer desperation to please her goddess Tanya picked up a banana from beside the bed, shovelling it into her mouth and chewing it up, not bothering to swallow as thick gobs of puree stuck in warm yellowish-brown chunks to the goddess’ cock. It throbbed harder and harder, growing ever closer to orgasm as litres of saliva lavished its meaty throbbing surface, joined now by even more banana, cream, cottage cheese, a litany of wet pulpy substances being smeared all over her meat.

Tuthru simply let the pleasure consume her, the hot moaning, the grinding of tits against cock, all slippery and wet from the rancid pulp that her concubines had lovingly created in sacrifice to her pleasure. Their love had paid off, and they were about to be showered in hers as she groaned deeply, grabbing Tanya and cuddling her close, giving her huge tits a good old squeeze as her cock erupted like a fountain, fresh dragon cum being added to the swamp of mess between her wives’ tits. Joyous giggling filled the room, barely audible over the sloppy slurping, as with each twitch of Tuthru’s cock hot ropes cascaded down on all of them, covering them in her sticky white cream as her body contorted in pleasure.

Panting happily, Tuthru snuggled her wife to her bosom. The two of them kissed passionately, sharing in the degenerate mess of Tanya’s creation and loving every second as the remainer of the concubines got to work sucking the godly cock clean, a task not easy with their mouths still pouring with more mess than they could swallow. Tuthru grinned as she pressed her face against Tanya’s “I think you might have spawned a new ritual dear! You’re a disgusting bitch sometimes and I love ya for it!!” Tanya just smiled, blushing a little and not sure how to respond as she made out with her goddess.

“And you!!” Tuthru pointed up at Casey, who was watching sheepishly from the entrance of the room. “You’ve created something really special!! Maybe turn down the concentration just a little, for day to day use, but the principle…SPOT ON~ I could not ask for a better alchemist!” Tuthru blew a kiss to the rodent who blushed and curtseyed in response, before politely leaving the dragoness to her ‘personal time’ enjoying the company of her wives.

## THE END