A warm afternoon breeze brushed across the palace grounds, carrying the scent of fresh-cut grass to Tuthru’s nose. A pleasant tingle of warmth caressed her body, as the ambient warmth of the early Kaldari dry season. Tuthru took a deep breath and smiled; her belly was full of food, and her balls were heavy and sloshing, a happy combination indeed. She lazily shrugged off her robes and chucked them to one side where a masked servant fumbled to catch them before the garment hit the floor. The only thing covering her body now was a garish array of jewellery, which while it was more than what could be called a tasteful decoration, still left nothing to the imagination. On the contrary, far from hiding her robust curvaceous form, humongous bouncing mammaries and her bloated fat and mutant horsecock, the jewellery framed them and presented her assets even more prominently than had she simply been wearing nothing at all. Of course, while all of this was meant to enhance her image as the goddess of decadence, to those around her, out here in the garden where she could relax and be herself with her beloved wives, it made her feel like god of her own little world…which of course she was.

With Tuthru's discarded robes in hand, the servant began to swiftly dash off to warn the wives of their mistress' imminent arrival, meanwhile Tuthru clasped her hands behind her back and began to stroll at a leisurely pace toward the edge of the courtyard. This was the highest point of the garden, which was contained within a basin of sorts which stretched down the southern face of the hill atop which Tuthru's palace was constructed. This basin offered another layer of isolation (or protection, as Tuthru thought of it) from the outside world for her most treasured posessions, her wives. The courtyard, while being a pleasant area to survey the rest of the garden, was conveniently abutted onto the palace cloisters which offered some shade and shelter. This also made it a convenient area for her to step outside and stretch her legs during short breaks.

The soft crunch of lush green grass underfoot soon gave way to the firm coolness of sandstone slabs that paved the stairway down from her palace into the garden proper. The pleasant burble of running water became gradually louder with each step she descended. The glass-smooth, laminar finish of an artificial waterfall cascaded down onto decorative rocks to form a decorative brook running through the center of her arboretum. The shade of the trees and the soothing spray of water tickling her ankles was exactly what she needed to help her shed the weight of responsibility for her empire. As she strolled alongside the brook she let her mind wander, dreaming of her wives and their flawless bodies, and of all the disgusting things she was going to do to them...and for that matter all of the disgusting things they were going to do to her! Her member began to throb and stiffen, a thick pulsating network of veins contouring its surface as it began to lazily lift itself up from slapping against her thighs, to swaying about in front of her, precum drooling from its triple-flared head like a leaky tap.

The treeline ended abruptly, marking a perfectly straight line boundary between the arboretum and a new area of the garden. The baking heat of the sun once again beat down on her, as an expanse of neatly mowed grass stretched out in front of her. Almost a kilometre wide and twice as long, the plane in front of her was dominated by a large decorative lake, which Tuthru insisted on referring to as a 'pond.' The natural looking stream which she had walked alongside until now, changed even more abruptly than the treeline back into a neat canal lined with azure tiles, before gently trickling into the pond ahead. Neat walkways framed it on either side, with geometric flowerbeds carefully curated a few feet away. As the centerpiece of the entire garden, the pond was quite a sight to behold. It featured a complex array of fountains which fired impressive arcs of water from one side to the other, changing their shape and pattern with the time of day and year. Marble statues stood on pedestals. Each was around 10m from the edge of the pond and depicted an array of mythical figures from scripture and folklore, including Tuthru's five wives on the very highest; they were depicted in poses of supplication and worship to their goddess. At the center of them all, standing 30ft tall, was a copper-plated statue of Tuthru herself, her polished metallic breasts gleaming in the sunlight. Her right hand was held permanently above her head. Glass sculptures of over-sized dice seemed to levitate in her grasp, though in fact they were held there by an intricate armature of thin wires, and they refracted the sunlight into manifold hues of green, blue red and amber. Beneath her left arm, the cornucopia was depicted spilling over with fruit and meat. It was plumbed into the fountains, causing it to spew forth a stream of blood-red water meant to represent wine, which trickled down between her dazzling copper-coated boobs. And of course, between her legs she proudly brandished her scepter of divine power. The keys representing the five divine virtues dangled from the statue's immortal erection, gently swaying in the breeze. The statue's lifeless eyes stared down at her with a self-satisfied smirk.

The sound of chatter and laughter emerged from a large wooden gazebo. Its curtains were drawn back, but it still provided excellent shelter from the sunlight. Kasia and Phoenicia sat in velvet upholstered lounging chairs, sitting across from each other playing a game of attrition, meanwhile Tanya was sitting off to one side making casual conversation with the others as she stitched away on her latest project. Phoenicia slotted one of her pegs into its hole on the game board before her, reinforcing a defensive position she'd been building up for a few moves. She then sat back in her chair and simply raised an eyebrow at her opponent, "Your move, dear~"
Kasia screwed her face up into an exaggerated scowl, before stroking her chin in contemplation, "You're not making this easy for me today. However..." she moved her king one place forward, finally conceding to her backup attack plan. It would take many more moves to be successful, but would require Phoenicia to rearrange her defenses once more. "I'm not going to make things easy for you, either!"
Tanya peered over Kasia's shoulder. To her it was just a bunch of sticks and circles. "Ahh yeah, such a difficult life it is, hanging out with your friends playing board games all day! It's a tough job but someone has to do it eh?"
Phoenicia was about to respond with a witty retort, when her attention was distracted by the sudden appearance of a giant semi-erect horsecock flopping down onto the table before her with enough force to jiggle the peices around on the board. She whipped her head around to see Tuthru standing there with a beaming smile on her face. "She's right, you know~ You two should be more appreciative of my gifts, don't you think?"

Phoenicia's heart fluttered excitedly at the sudden appearance of her wife, biting her lip as she admired the dragoness' huge schlong. She took a moment to compose herself before standing up and draping her arms over Tuthru's shoulders, pulling her into a passionate embrace. "I am appreciative of you, and your gifts my love~"
"I know~ And don't ever think I doubt your love, my sweet~" Tuthru wrapped her hands around the firm cheeks of Phoenicia's rump and the two locked lips in a soft passionate kiss. Meanwhile, Kasia's composure wasn't as practiced as Phoenicia's. Her first response was to simply scoop up the monstrous meaty log of meat that had just landed in front of her, and clutch it to her chest. She set about planting sloppy wet kisses all over its tip, which was drooling with sweet honey-thick nectar that only poured more plentifully as she lavished it with her adoration. No words were needed, the two knew how much they appreciated each other through action alone.
Tanya jumped up, letting out a squeak of excitement as soon as she noticed Tuthru's arrival, but being further away the others were already making their adoration known by the time she could cross the floor. Tanya wasted no time, getting down on her knees and wrapping a hand each around Tuthru's huge fat balls. They were warm and slightly slimy to the touch, beads of sweat dribbled down their glistening surface. She could feel them clenching and churning in her hands, those massive cumtanks pumping round fresh dollops of sticky hot breeding batter by the litre. "Ohh fuck...Tuthru! You're so full~! I've failed you to even let you get this pent up...". With a sigh of reverence she buried her face between the musky fat plums and began to kiss and suck, sloppy wet noises echoing into the tranquil expanse of the garden.

Tuthru gently pulled on Kasia's hair, indicating for her to get up. "Indeed you have Tanya, but I'll allow you to atone for your sins. Show me how deep your love goes..." She smiled devlishly, cuddling her two other wives to her sides as Tanya eyed up the three-foot double-knotted horsecock that throbbed slowly but powerfully right in front of her face and dribbling with an unceasing ooze of precum. "A-as you desire, my love..." she nervously wrapped both hands around Tuthru's girth, placing her lips around the drooling chasm at its tip and beginning to suck hard. As she relaxed her plump wet lips, the width of Tuthru's flare began to spread them wide open and slide between them. Tuthru began to shiver with pleasure as one by one, each of her three flares was enveloped inside Tanya's beautiful face, plastered with an expression of sublime pleasure and adoration. "Ahhh fuck~ Your love feels so good Tanya!" Tuthru moaned, clutching onto the others for support as her balls clenched and shot a mighty dollop of yoghurt-thick pre straight down the back of Tanya's throat. Phoenicia chipped in, pushing firmly on the back of Tanya's skull. "Take her deeper! Choke for her pleasure! Suffocate on your goddess' cock!" Tanya's eyes widened, her plumage standing on end as a warm sticky dollop of precum practically drowned her, before the beating mass of dick was forcibly crammed down her throat. Thankfully for her, she'd long since learned to hold off her gag reflex but the brutal girth of Tuthru's trunk was always a shock to the system as it breached her throat and pushed straight on down. Only now did her gag reflex kick in, causing her throat to spasm and clench down on Tuthru's cock. Muffled choking sounds cut through the peaceful soundscape of the garden like a hot knife through butter. She moaned with pleasure, the cock in her throat causing her eyes to water, but she adored the sensation. Fighting her body's instincts, she grabbed Tuthru's thighs and pulled, driving her lips down the veiny greased-up length of Tuthru's meat. Each time she was forced to withdraw leaving thick smears of precum and saliva down the length of the dragoness that had been inside her. Inch-by-inch pull-by-pull she made it closer toward the hard pulsating knots that were her goal. Phoenicia helped, one arm around Tuthru's waist, the other behind Tanya's head, forcing the two together like trying to touch the north ends of two magnets. "Come on Tanya! You can do it! Earn your redemption, I know it's hard but think of her love~"
Tuthru smiled down at the teary-eyed face of her first wife, cheeks collapsed in suction as she inched her way down her aching rock-hard pillar of cock. She gently caressed her face, tenderly tracing Tanya's jawline with a smile, before grinning deviously. "Oh Tanya~...DO BETTER!" Tanya's heart flipped with arousal at her lover's selfish demands, as she felt Tuthru's claws take a firm grip at the base of her skull. She closed her eyes and accepted her fate as Tuthru began ramming her dick in and out of Tanya's mouth, pulling back until the first of her flares almost escaped Tanya's lips, before slammming it straight back down her throat like a piston, plunging the burning heat of her arousal into the soothing caress of Tanya's face. Both knots ploughed mercilessly past Tanya's wet lips and filled her mouth with the overwhelming flavour of salted meat. Tuthru raised her head and let out a seemingly unending string of pleasured moans and sighs of satisfaction as she plapped away at Tanya's face, with Phoenicia caressing her rump and her swinging fat balls, and Kasia gently kissing and massaging her breasts. It was only a matter of time until her pleasure brimmed over.

Tanya's eyes widened once more as Tuthru's thrusts stopped abruptly, the base of her cock was pressed firmly against the soft cushion of Tanya's lips, round black nards swinging under her chin as the goddess drove herself as deep as she could. Then, with a mighty gurgle that sounded like an unclogging sink those big fat balls clenched up against her chin. The first squirt of divine seed hit the back of Tanya's stomach like hot toothpaste from a tube that had just had an anvil dropped on top of it. It hit her like a punch in the gut from the inside, and was quickly followed by another, and another. A second later she became aware of Tuthru's intense growling moan as the backed-up nutsludge inside her balls finally had a warm wet outlet to gush into with a vengeance. Phoenicia was gently rubbing and squeezing Tuthru's nuts, helping her to drain every last drop. "That's right my love! Let it all out~ We're here for you, we love you." Kasia simply clicked the button on her stopwatch, hugging tight to her mistress with a gleeful smile as she silently bore witness to this awe-inspiring brush with the sublime. Tanya's arms flailed, her panic response finally taking over as Tuthru's cum rushed in by the gallon to fill every void in her body, overflowing her stomach in less than a second and rushing out to all connected pipes. Tanya sealed her lips tight around Tuthru's knots, desperate not to waste a drop of of the divine nut-butter that the one true goddess had deigned to bless her with, but her mortal form could only hold so much. At first it began to leak from her lips, then spurt as the pressure increased. With each swallow, thick strings gushed from her nostrils forcing their way out of her eyes and ears until her whole head was like a punctured water-balloon squirting out strings of cum in time with Tuthru's pumps. Even then she stayed strong, it wasn't until an errant attempt by her reflexes to sneak in the tiniest sliver of air (for which she had been starved for several minutes now) resulted in a collosal jet of warm nutslime shooting down into her lungs. Once the floodgates were open, they too were filled to capacity in the briefest of instants and even most highly trained cum-guzzler in the imperial harem couldn't cope. She placed both hands against Tuthru's pelvis and shoved, uncorking her body from around Tuthru's member. Collapsed on the floor in a sprawling heap, she began to cough violently, spewing up liter after liter of sperm as her body purged the invasive sludge from all its vital functions. Tuthru kept cumming, folding her arms as she raised an eyebrow. Phoenicia assisted with a few strokes to tide her mistress over as she hosed down the writhing form of Tanya, as she lay spasming in a puddle of thick soupy sludge. Kasia stopped the stopwatch, raising her eyebrows before showing the result to Tuthru who smiled in response the last idle ropes of cum squirting from her cock and landing with a series of loud messy splats at her feet. "Impressive, Tanya! You lasted 22 seconds that time~"

---

"I'm sorry, goddess! I can do better, I promise! I can do anything...for you!"
"I know~" Tuthru replied, with a smile and a wink
"22 seconds is a long time to withstand the full onslaught of a 3-bar orgasm, Tanya!" Kasia chipped in, holding up her stopwatch with a grin "You should be proud of yourself!" Tuthru silenltly nodded, a satisfied smile on her face as she gradually regained her composure. Tanya smiled back, an expression of pure joy at having been able to please her one true love. At that moment she wanted nothing more than to fall into Tuthru's arms, but she wasn't going to get her wish for now at least.
“You might wanna get your makeup re-done though love, your eyeliner’s running again.”
With a dismissive wave of the dragoness’ hand, Tanya understood that was her cue to fuck off and not show her face again until it was back to the image of unblemished perfection her goddess expected. She smiled and nodded obediently, peeling herself away from the thick coating of steadily-drying jizz that glued her to the ground.
“Of course, my love. Apologies for reducing your pleasure with my selfish tears of joy~”
Tuthru giggled happily flashing a playful wink before, clutching Kasia and Phoenecia close to her side. “Whatever, bitch. Just get it fixed, we’ll see about forgiveness when you get back!! You’ll have to…earn it~” the goddess’ dick visibly stiffened in arousal before a cruel smirk crossed her face “In the meantime, I’m in good company, so no need to rush the job. Make sure you’re perfect for me ‘k?”

Tuthru lingered for a moment to admire Tanya's glistening round rump, dripping with her seed, before turning her back on the raptor and idly strolling away with her arms around her other two wives.
“Well then, ladies! This sperm ain’t gonna drain itself, why don’t you find me some nice tight cunt to squeeze it out into”
“Of course, my dear~” responded Phoenicia “If it’s tightness you’re in the mood for then I can reccommend Krystal for your enjoyment. Her rump is delightfully shapely and her holes are firm and well built while retaining that pillowy softness I know just brings the nectar flowing effortlessly from your pent-up ramrod!”
Kasia interrupted, a devlish grin on her face, “Not as easily as Arkana’s new cuntsleeve, I crafted it myself to be the ultimate experience for your cock~ But if you prefer a more organic experience, I have a few bimbos freshly dosed up to leak from all their holes and they crave your touch as though it were water on their parched tongues~ In your infinite mercy, you wouldn’t deny them that would you love?”
Tuthru raised her hand, a stone cold expression of frustration on her face. “Ladies…please…spare me the theatrics~ My nuts feel like a pair of running butter-churns and thanks to Tanya’s lovely welcome back there my cock is so hard it physically aches, on top of that it’s a very hot day and so with all that said…I’m not feeling picky. I need pussy, and I need it NOW. So…I’m going to close my eyes and count to ten, and when I open them I expect you to take me to a fully prepped breeding lounge and for my cock to be fed straight into an awaiting cunt. Do I make myself clear?”

She lifted her chin, inquisitively glaring down at the two wives over her nose as they nodded the affirmative. With a satisfied smile, she crossed her hands behind her back, “Wonderful~” With that she straightened her back, head held high as she shut her eyes and slowly began to count. As each number passed slowly but puprosely through her lips, she heard rushed scuttling noises whipping around her as Phoenicia and Kasia departed to take care of her request, and her anticipation grew until it was almost too much to bear. Her dick stood proudly ahead of her, hard as steel as it drooled in anticipation of being crammed into a soft tight space and made to disgorge load after load of hot steamy sperm.
When she reached ten, she opened her eyes with a smile. Kasia stood sheepishly before her, with Phoenicia to her side holding herself tall and proud as ever. She held her arm out, guiding the godess toward a shaded bed a few steps away, a curtain draped over it to reveal a shapely pair of legs spread ready for her arrival.
“If you’d like to come right this way, my love! A pleasure pit is awaiting a deposit at your leisure~” announced Phoenicia with a smile, gently placing a hand in the small of Tuthru’s back.

“Don’t stop walking till you’re as deep as you want to be, Ru~ I’ll take care of any…’alignment’, you just concentrate on enjoying yourself!”
Silently, Tuthru began to walk forward with a smug smirk on her face. Her chest jiggled with each step, wreathed in gold chain and rubies which complimented her elegant feminine form. Similar adornments decorated her throbbing ebony trunk, as though the unwieldy mass of veiny schlongmeat weren’t completely incongruous to her otherwise flawless feminine beauty.
With two hands clasped around the neck of Tuthru’s lubricated log, Kasia guided it precicely toward its target with a gentle downward pressure that meant its owner didn’t even need to break stride as that triple-flared head found its mark between the drooling pussy lips of the whore they had selected to be her meatsink. Tuthru let out a moan of relief as she felt her needy rod slide deep into a warm wet hole. Kasia’s skilled hands stroked the twin knots that throbbed and strained at the base of Tuthr’s cock, as a consolation prize for being last into the soft heavenly warmth that awaited them, but sure enough its turn came as Tuthru’s nuts clapped gently against the thighs of her quarry as the divine shaft finally bottomed out in her.

Tuthru panted in pleasure, taking a few moments to steel herself as she wrapped her hands around the rump set out before her. Phoenicia dutifully got down on her knees, cupping and caressing the goddess’ powerful balls.
With a cruel grin, Tuthru drew back her hips, drawing out a sizeable length of her equine cock before ramming it back in, relishing the incomparable sensation made ever the more viceral by Phoenicia’s hands making sure no part of her divine junk felt left out from the stimulation. Kasia added a little oil to the mix, pouring a healthy dollop and letting it dribble down between the concubine’s glistening buns before being forcibly rammed into the mix by Tuthru’s hard throbbing meat as she began to truly fuck. With Phoenicia taking care of all the downstairs delicacy, Tuthru needed only rock her hips in a deep and steady rhythm and enjoy her rightful treatment as the uncontested she-stud conquerer of cunt.

With a deep grunt of pleasure, Tuthru buried her fleshy fuckstick deep into the nameless whore, gripping the woman’s thighs and pushing her cock as deep as it would go as she finally blew a steamy hot dollop of divine seed into her pussy. Phoenicia tugged and massaged her mistress’ balls as they clenched and retracted to dump their contents, and as shot after shot of thick white cream laboured its way up the goddess’ cock, causing it to bulge and ripple under the pressure of such a thick substance being squirted up her fleshy tube, Phoenicia squeezed on the goddess’ dripping fat cumtanks to drain every last drop she could. Tuthru just stood and sighed, enjoying the waves of sublime ecstasy that gripped her dick and pulsed throughout her body, wracking her with spasms of climactic bliss that she tried not to show beyond a satisfied smile on her face. Her trembling legs and lazily fluttering eyelids gave her away though, toes curling in pleasure causing her claws to sink into the soft grass beneath her feet. Pump after pump of hot cum gushed rapidly from her cock, each one more satisfying than the last.

Thick rolls of bunched-up ball batter began cascading down in thick white dollops that timed out with Tuthru’s clenching orgasm. A posessive grin spread across Tuthru’s face and she pulled away, her rock-hard fleshy tube making a noisy wet pop as it began spewing its seed all over the smooth round ass-cheeks and dripping down the woman’s thighs. Kasia knew instantly what to do, gripping Tuthru’s meat and rubbing it up and down with both hands. With each firm stroke up and down the meaty member another shot of sperm came gushing forth, buckets of spunk pooling on the floor. Tuthru politely crossed her hands behind her back and gave out a satisfied sigh, her orgasm hadn’t exactly finished as such, but when did they ever. Her semi-erect member still twitched and drooled with thick strings of mozzarella-like cum that any man would envy even in the throes of a thorough ball-draining. Kasia placed a passionate kiss on Tuthru’s dong, just above her first medial ring, before delving into the inches-thick puddle of cum that had formed around her ankles and happily smearing the fresh nut-slurry all over her face and tits, moaning as she rubbed it into her bare breasts.

“Ahh~ Fresh goddess cum, so good for the skin~ Thank you for your gifts, my love!!” Phoenicia rose back to her feet, maintaining a calm and aloof composure despite being drenched in nut butter from the chest down, and still a little woozy from the intoxicating musk of her goddess’ steamy balls and their contents. “An impressive discharge my love, I’m so glad to be a connoiseur of cum in a place where such quality is delivered in such gluttonous volumes~ Not to be unexpected from the divine creator, of course, but I would be remiss to take such perfect nectar for granted, especially when your divine mana is my singular delight.”
Tuthru smirked, squeezing out another dollop of thick cum from her long shaft. She turned around, leaving sticky white footprints behind her in the grass, but not before giving Phoenicia a parting gift slinging a handful of hot spunk into her face. 
“You’re welcome, you beautiful bitch. Now, follow me, I’m still leaking and need care and attention. You two…” she gestured to Kasia, and the nameless bitch who had opened the curtain and was struggling to get back to her feet after the brutal fucking, “Clean up that fucking mess you made, would ya? And give me a good show while you do it or you’ll find yourself cleaning even more mess up this evening~”