The sun beat down hard on the land of Kaldaria, rich and poor alike suffering under the harsh mid-afternoon heat. Even the palace gardens were feeling the effects, Tuthru felt the grass unusually dry and crispy under her feet despite having been watered hours before. She had given herself the day off, unable to concentrate as large beads of sweat rolled down her face and arms, her chest rising and falling with slow pants. She tried catching the breeze but only hot air blew down the palace corridors leaving her with only one option which she was now making her way towards, shedding her jewellery and discarding it like a trail of breadcrumbs behind her until nothing at all adorned her body.

With a lethargic groan she lazily pushed open the large oak doors leading to her private bathouse. A smile crossed her face as she laid eyes on the sight of everything she desired at that moment, the refreshing pool of pristine clear water rippling before her with a few naked concubines already taking advantage of its soothing coolness. Casually descending the pool’s entry ramp, the pleasant chill of the cool waters rising up her ankles. She took a sharp intake of breath as she lowered herself fully into it, the cold shock enveloping her body for a split second before the instant relief of soothing coolness pervaded her form.

Tanya looked over at the approaching form of her divine mistress and soulmate, moving aside to be closer to the golden dragoness’ favorite spot along the side of the pool. “Decided to join us then love? I think you made the right call on a day like today, though I’m always happy to see you~” she smiled and pouted up at Tuthru as she waded across the pool sitting down next to the buxom raptor and smooching her presented lips before she wrapped Tanya in her arm and pulled her close. Tanya rested her head on Tuthru’s shoulder, smiling softly as she trailed her hand down between her lover’s thighs, casually hefting up the heavy throbbing dong that lay there.

Tuthru snapped her fingers in the air “Loona, fetch us some snacks and some wine would ya?” The young grey wolf sitting across the pool from her scoffed and rolled her eyes but reluctantly got up and strolled out of the room. Tanya shook her head softly, gently cradling the pillar of black flesh between Tuthru’s thighs. “I don’t know what you see in that one, my love. She does not appreciate the honour and privelidge it is to serve you, not like the rest of us do!” Tanya smirked, sliding a finger under Tuthru’s foreskin, seductively teasing it back as she felt the divine member slowly harden against her body. “I like her attitude, she’s just the right amount of cheeky but not stepping over the line into disobedience. And besides she’s fun to take out my frustrations in…just like you my dear!!” Tuthru smirked, gazing into the eyes of her loyal doting wife as she begin thrusting her now erect tip into Tanya’s face. Tanya gently held that pole between her soft supple hands and sucked on each of the thick meaty barbs that pretruded from beneath Tuthru’s flare earning a deep moan from the goddess with each suck as precum flowed free like caramel from her tip and dribbled down in thick wavy rivulets down the flesh of her dick.

Tuthru eyed up a pair of concubines relaxing by the pool and called out to them “Hey sluts! I see you slacking off over there!! My cock’s as dry as a bone, get gobbing!!” her raging erection throbbed harder as they leapt into action, diving in and making their way as fast as possible to satisfy the raging lust of their queen. All Kaldari concubines chewed a mixture of herbs to supercharge their salivary glands, a technique they put to good use as they unabashedly began spitting and slobbering all over Tuthru’s dick. The wet slippery squelching echoed around the bathouse as they rubbed their juices into that twitching pillar of cock, rendering it utterly drenched in spittle and precum. The soothing coolness of that wet slobber felt utterly divine as it was heartily massaged into her cock, Tanya’s worship of her goddess’ straining frenulum.

Tuthru relaxed back and let them work their magic, if she wanted to she could blow her load right away but preferred to let her mistresses work for their supper, looking so beautiful as they degraded themselves for the pleasure of her glorious cock. Besides, they would thank her for letting them put the extra effort in, it always made her loads bigger and creamier, thicker and more delicious when they pulled out all the stops, working their way down every depraved cock-pleasuring ritual in the Kaldari scrolls, not to mention the sheer pleasure of serving that addicting black direhorse cock was reward in itself for total devotion to it

Loona returned, almost dropping what she was carrying as she drunk in the sloppy scene of carnal servitude taking place before her. “Eww…Gross!! Ugh Tuthru! You are so…disgusting” she said despite herself, unable to tear her eyes away from the soft glistening tongues and plump lips that worked their way expertly along the goddess’ pride. Tuthru turned to see what the wolf was holding. “Ice cream! Perfect! Give me a scoop” she held out her hand and Loona took a hearty dollop from the tub she was holding before placing the device into Tuthru’s waiting hand. With a devious grin, Tuthru deposited the soft lump of frozen dessert right on the tip of her shaft. She let out a pleased yelp as the cold substance brought a pleasant cooling sensation to her cock, especially as it began to melt, mixing with her precum as the rich creamy substance slid down it before being hungrily sucked and licked up by trio of hungry whores.

Loona mimed a retching motion “Ugh! Fuck Ru! Is that what gets you going!? Is there anything else you need from me or can I piss off before you make me lose my lunch?” Tuthru raised her eyebrows knowingly as she gazed up at the young wolf. “Go on then, if you really hate your duties so much, you may return to your quarters till I have use of you.” She gave a dismissive hand wave, waiting for a few seconds as Loona stood transfixed. “Alternatively, you can bend over one of those massage tables so I can mount you at my leisure, how does that sound?”