# Chapter 1 - A chance encounter

"Raise." Tuthru pushed a heavy red token across the green beize of the table, lids draped cooly over her piercing green eyes as her expressionless glare bored straight into the eyes of her opponent. A thin film of perspiration glimmered on his brow, a slight quivering hesitation in his voice as he mirrored Tuthru's action. "C-call!" He was trying to hide it, but he was nervous, a large pot at stake and he was still betting, confident in a strong hand, but not 100% sure as Tuthru had given nothing away. Two-pair, or three of a kind was likely. Maintaining her calm rhythmic breaths she thought back to the cards in her hand, not flicking her eyes down for a moment to give away her thought process. Two queens, and one on the table made three of a kind. With the cards as they were, she was confident that she had the stronger hand, but there was always the chance of the final card turning things out of her favour. With a single, slow, measured blink to soothe her drying eyeballs, she matched her opponent's bet "Call."

On the table nearby, a tall, slender green raptoress watched on in silent rapture, her glittery red form-fitting dress clinging to her form, as she draped herself over the back of her chair, watching the game unfold. She'd had her eyes on the elegant gold dragoness since the beginning of the evening, as she'd reeled in opponent after opponent with some hard-fought but ultimately acheivable wins, slowly massaging her opponents' egos to the point where they felt comfortable dropping bigger and bigger sums on the table, before systematically cleaning three of them out in a single round, the fourth remaining having had the shrewdness to fold earlier than Tuthru would have hoped, but desperately trying to claw back the night's defeceit. She smirked, crossing her legs a little with excitement. She was unsure quite what it was about this woman that drove her weak at the knees, but the way she so effortlessly bent those around her to her will, and then discarded them when their usefulness had been completely depleted. Tanya bit her lip, she knew that was such an unhealthy thing to want, but she couldn't help that she wanted a partner just like that to bully and degrade her.

For the breiefest of moments, Tanya swore that she felt the icy green gaze of the dragon meet her own captivated gaze, a moment of weakness from the unfeeling juggernaut, or just wishful thinking? Either way, Tanya blushed, hiding her face and biting her lip in embarassment. With a sigh, she turned back to her meagre pile of chips. She'd only meant to have a fun evening out, and had hoped to win enough for a pair of Viniero 88's, the latest heels from her favorite designer brand. Instead she still sported her old 87s which now two months out of date, she cringed inside knowing she would happily take the piss out of anyone daring to show themselves as behind the trends as she was now.

All the bets were in, and Tuthru watched carefully as her opponent revealed his hand "Two pair, aces and tens!" a slight smirk crossed Tuthru's face, her stony glare softening to something like pity or contempt. "Would you beleive me, if I said I had six tits?". Her opponent's face contorted into a mask of utter confusion, "Wh-what the fuck you on about bitch!? What's in your hand, and give me my goddamn money back!" Tuthru raised an eyebrow, taking a more relaxed posture in her chair as she casually tossed her cards face up onto the table, revealing her two queens matched with the third on the table. A grin grew across her face as realization hit her opponent, and she calmly collected her winnings. She slid a large red chip across the table to the dealer, a casual tip of a thousand duckets, enough to buy a reasonably priced car.

As she got up from the table, she gestured toward the waiter that had been tending to her since she arrived. The thin, sharply dressed weasel stood square-shouldered before her as she offered a similar red chip out to him. He paused for a moment, before motioning to take it from her grasp, but before his fingers closed around it she quickly retracted her hand, leaning in as though to whisper in his ear.

Tanya collected up her remaining chips in a single pile, and reached into her purse for a hand mirror, quickly checking her makeup before she made a move to leave. She allowed herself one last glance back at the table where Tuthru had been, and gave out a disappointed sigh to see that the dragoness had moved on. Just as she was about to get up from the table, a thin, yet square shouldered weasel in a tuxedo placed a tall wine flute on the table before her, moving forward with a bottle of wine in the other hand. A sudden look of panic crossed Tanya's face, and she placed one hand atop the glass, not wanting to be in the hole for another drink especially once she saw the label on the bottle in the waiter's hand. "Oh! I'm sorry, you must have the wrong table! I didn't order anything else, besides I was just about to leave" The waiter let out a friendly chuckle, giving a little shake of his head with a smile, "No mistake, madame. It's bought and paid for, courtesy of the lady in red and gold" Tanya paused for a moment, her heart fluttering with excitement. She hesitated, biting her lip as she scanned for anyone else who might fit that description, but only the dragoness who had caught her eye the whole evening came to mind as her unexpected benefactor.

She bit her lip, unsure whether or not to accept the offer, afterall she was a married woman. She had never been free to involve herself with other ladies, let alone now that her fidelity was pledged to another. And yet, it would be rude to refuse, let alone to refuse a gift she so badly wanted to accept, besides the woman wasn't here anymore, and neither was her man. Surely, neither of them would know whether she accepted or refused, so there was no harm in it...right? Tentatively, she moved her hand from the top of the glass, smiling up at the waiter. "W-well in that case, why not~" The waiter smiled, twisting the bottle with a flair and deftly pouring its contents into Tanya's glass. He corked the bottle and gently placed a neatly folded note beside it. "She was also keen that I give you this. Do enjoy your drank, madame~" Tanya bit her lip sensually, crossing her legs as a buzzing excitement filled her. She hadn't even properly met this woman, and yet she had made her feel things that nobody else ever had. Was this love? If so she had never felt it for her husband. Her fingers danced across the note, as she took her first sip of the sparkling rosee that filled her glass, letting out a sigh of satisfaction as its delicate floral bitterness danced cooly over her tongue.

She sat back comfortably in her chair, carefully unfolding the note to reveal the neat cursive print pressed into it. "To the red-feathered raptor who stole away my attentions this evening. I hope this gift brings a smile to your face, if so then my gift will have been worth it, even if I cannot be there to see it in person. If the mood takes you, I'd be honoured by your company. You are more than welcome to visit me in room 701, where I eagerly wait, aching for your touch. Yours Sincerely- Your Queen of Diamonds" The note was signed with the mark of a plump pair of lips, in a rich black lipstick. Tanya's own subconsciously pursed as she imagined what they would feel like to press against those of her mysterious benefactor. The dragoness' gift had worked, a huge beaming smile crossed Tanya's face as she took another sip of her drink, a furious excitement bubbling inside her to meet this new person in her life.

The clock chimed midnight, Tuthru had put on a much more loose fitting dress to help herself relax, she nestled down into the couch of the penthouse suite, putting her feet up on the arm and yawning as she idly gazed out at the gorgeous skyline of the city. She smirked as she counted through the wads of banknotes that her winnings had been cashed in for. Ten million duckets, all still there, not bad for a night's work. She stashed the money away in a briefcase, locking it up and placing it on the coffee table, ready to take to the bank in the morning. The warm flickering glow of ambarric lights spelling out company names like stamps of ownership up the sides of the various geometric towers which stood like giant glass corals protecting a thriving, energetic ecosystem in stark defiance to the arid desert that surrounded them. She looked up at the tallest, its pointed spire reaching far up into the clouds, and imagined her own name emblazoned down its side in a deep purple glow, those twisted glass tubes humming out for all to see.

Coaxing her mind back into the present, a certain tall spire of her own ached for attention. With a smile she turned toward the steadily stiffening pillar between her legs, as it idly rose up through the folds of her dress. The irresistable raptor watching her from across the casino floor had badly caught her attention, causing her to lose a few hands she hadn't intended to concede, but every lost penny was more than worth it to feast her hungry wandering eyes on that gorgeous body. Sadly, until now, her measurably better-than-average luck hadn't exactly lifted its weight when pursuing relationships. For some reason though, she felt that this time was different as though this was the exact kind of woman she had always been looking for, and that thought thrilled her to the core. As that thought crossed her mind, there was a knock at the door.

# Chapter 2 - The Dragon's Lair

As Tuthru opened up the door to her suite, a moment passed between the two as they eyed each other up, seductive expressions on both their faces. Tanya spoke first, coyly holding up Tuthru's note with a raise of her eyebrow as her eyes danced over the plump black lips that had made their mark n it. "Queen of Diamonds?" Tuthru's smile parted into a posessive grin. Looking into the dragon's piercing green eyes, she felt as though on the edge of a trap. Her third eye opened and she saw every step of the dragon's plan, first baiting her in with a drink, then offering her a hook in the form of the note, and now reeling her in with as little effort as plucking a minnow from a pond. She saw the carefully planned sequence of steps laid out for her to be in this very spot at this very moment, and was free to walk away, but she wanted to fall into that dragon's trap, she wanted to be completely at the mercy of this creature, which just made Tuthru's job all the easier.

"Would you like to come in?" asked Tuthru, stepping to one side and gesturing into the suite behind her. There was a calm certainty to her voice, making the request sound more like an instruction than an offer, and Tanya's legs carried her through the threshold before she could even register how that manner of speech made her heart flutter with lust. Tuthru smiled, softly closing the door as the raptor swiftly strode past her. In a few steps, Tuthru caught up and wrapped her arm around the other's waist. "Well, I should probably introduce myself~ My name is Tuthru, Tuthru Al-Sylah. My friends call me Ru, however, but you my dear, may call me whatever you want~" The dragoness indicated toward the couch in the main atrium, for Tanya to sit down. "T-Tuthru? That's a nice name...I'm Tanya!" Tuthru smiled, leaning happily in the doorway as she gazed at the gorgeous girl. "Tanya, a beautiful name too! Would you care for a drink, Tanya?" As she said this, she moved over toward the drink bar in her suite, having a closer look at the selection of wines available. Tanya giggled, "I sure would! You seem to know what I like!"

Tuthru cocked her head to one side, looking back over her shoulder at Tanya. "Oh? What makes you say that?" "The '76 Fleur de Vain Rosee, probably my favorite wine of all time~ How did you guess?" Tuthru smirked, shrugging softly. "Just call it a lucky guess, dear~ But, if I was right that you're a rosee drinker..." Tuthru giggled, holding up another bottle of a slightly less expensive wine teasingly between her breasts. "Fancy giving this a try?" Before Tanya could respond, Tuthru was already crossing the room with a pair of champagne flutes "I-I...Oh! I couldn't possibly! You've spent more than enough money on me already tonight Tuthru~" The dragoness giggled, uncorking the bottle and pouring them a glass each. "Nonsense, my dear. Happiness isn't something you can put a price on, and a lady like you deserves all she can get!..Which is why it confuses me that you're wearing a pair of 87s." Tanya hung her head in shame, sighing a little. "Yeah...I'm behind the times I know, but they're just something I can't afford at the moment! That's why I was here tonight, trying to make a little extra but...I'm guessing you saw how that went down..." Tuthru smiled a sweet smile, sitting down next to her new companion and offering her the glass. "I must confess I was focusing mostly on my own game...but I take it that it didn't go well? It's sad that you haven't the means to turn excellence into perfection...but Roulette isn't a reliable way to make money you know~ "

The pair chatted for hours about wine, fashion and the mathematics of chance, slowly working their way down the bottle as the conversation grew slowly more and more flirtatious. By the time it was empty, the two were sat side by side, Tanya's head resting gently on Tuthru's shoulder with their hands clasped passionately around each others' waists. Tuthru turned to Tanya, with a soft smile and a sensual growl. "I say dear~ I do hope you don't mind if I just...air out my schlong a little, everything is getting a little hot and steamy down there." She casually pulled one of the folds of her dress to one side, letting her semi-erect shaft flop out onto her thigh. Its sufrace was sticky and glistening, as beads of sweat dribbled down its sides and filled the air with a thick meaty scent. Tanya's jaw dropped, at first in confusion, and then in awe as realization set in. She let her head fall to Tuthru's lap with a satisfied smile, lazily admiring its equine shape ridged with an unusual array of fleshy barbs. "Damn, Ru! Like I didn't love you enough already... Why, I don't mind one bit~ You can let this thing out whenever you like around me! It's so thick and meaty and..." she moaned softly, giving a sloppy passionate kiss to the veiny black organ as it twitched threateningly, "and sooooo fuckin' delicious! My husband's not exactly the most well endowed of men, but I never thought I'd meet a WOMAN that could put his manhood to shame!"

Tuthru gasped in pleasure at the sensation of Tanya eagerly gripping her member, grinning happily as Tanya lavished her with compliments. "Husband!? You didn't tell me you were married! You naughty girl~" Tanya rolled her eyes "Arranged marriage...I don't even love the fucker..." Tuthru frowned, softly stroking Tanya's feathers. "Yeah...marriage sure is a bitch around here huh? So many rules! Why do men have to be involved, why can't I have a wife? Why can't I have several!? If I was in charge I'd rip up the whole book..." Tanya blushed bright, every step until now had seemed so natural, and she hadn't even thouht twice about the fact that she was about to suck off a woman she'd just met without even hesitating. She gazed hungrily down at the beautiful big black cock, and then up at Tuthru's face. The dragon had made her happier in the last hour than her husband had throughout the entire time she'd known him, surely she deserved a messy, sloppy blowjob for that, and Tanya was going to enjoy every second of giving it.

With a cheeky smirk, Tanya gripped the dragon's cock in both hands. "Tuthru...I know we only just met, and everything...but I think I love you!!" Before Tuthru could respond she opened her maw wide and fed all 38 inches of the dragon's sweaty fat dong down her throat and sucked hard, even as the tip flared up and its thick spines dug into the sides of her throat. Tuthru let out a roar of pleasure, toes curling in bliss as she clutched the fabric of the sofa in surprise. She looked happily down at Tanya, gently resting her other hand on the back of the raptor's head and guiding her into a steady rhythm as her thick meaty mass stiffened down Tanya's throat. "Heheh~ Of course you do dear! "

Tanya let out a deep moan, gagging a little as Tuthru's flare opened up like a flower and its spikes hooked into the back of her throat, not that she minded. She could still pull away if she wanted to, for now at least, but the powerful meaty flavour of her lover's dong kept her there drooling thick sticky strings of saliva down her lover's pole. With a mischeivious smirk she opened the front of her dress, letting her hefty tits spill out onto Tuthru's lap, happily cupping the soft warm masses around Tuthru's knot, before moving to cup and gently massage the dragoness' balls. Tuthru couldn't help but lose herself in it a little, quite taken aback at how brilliant Tanya was at pleasuring her in just the right way, not to mention how stunning her tits were, finally out of that dress. She wanted to blow her beans right there, but also wanted to fuck this woman in so many ways she worried she would not have time in her life to try them all, let alone in this single blissful night of passion. With a primal grin, she pulled Tanya's head away, gently pulling the raptor into a tight embrace with their chests pressed together. Slipping off the shoulder straps of her dress, she let their bare tits touch, squeezing around each other like pillows as the two kissed passionately and sloppily.

"Tanya...you're amazing!" Tuthru's expression tightened into a mischeivious smile, "I'm gonna screw your brains out!" Tanya looked away nervously, planting a tender kiss on Tuthru's lips. "I...I'd love that, my queen! But I belong to another..." Tuthru smirked, gently caressing her lover's face, "Belong to him, eh? Sweetie, tell me, what do you think is the most powerful force in the world?" Tanya gazed at Tuthru with a bemused expression "Wh-what do you mean...like...love?" Tuthru let out a raucous laugh, sitting back a little and resting her hands behind her head "Hahahah! Naaaaah, I got something else in mind that blows that clean out of the water! I've got money~ How about tomorrow, you and me go on a little shopping trip eh? I'll buy you those shoes you deserve, maybe some fresh jewellery, some custom makeup for those perfect green cheeks? I'll spoil you fucking rotten, and when your man realizes he can't provide for you the way I can, he'll do the right thing and let you go quietly, or bankrupt himself while my lawyers negotiate you a fat juicy divorce settlement for you to spend on all the indulgences you want~ I could legit fucking buy you, if you wanted me to!"

Tuthru raised an eyebrow, sitting back while Tanya processed what she just said. Gears turned in the raptor's brain as she imagined the life of luxury this woman could provide her, offering to throw seemingly endless cash on the bottomless pyre of her materialistic obsessions and in return only asking for awesome, mind-blowing sex the likes of which she dreampt of every night. She was definitely going to agree to this, despite the niggling twinge of her morals gnawing away at the back of her mind. Everything about this was wrong, or so she had been taught, love was about a deep, spiritual connection, but Tanya's shallow soul was driven mad by Tuthru's outward beauty and the fact that she was willing to lay herself down as some kind of wish-granting goddess for anything money could buy. The woman before her was not a woman, by the definition she had been taught, but everything about her was so completely female that even the heaving mass of dickmeat seemed to swing with a womanly elegance between her thighs, enough to make Tanya's lesbian heart sing with need at the sight of her, and the fact that this woman was indeed a woman made it even more repugnant that she should be the one she had fallen for, marriage required the involvement of a man, of course...but she had never seen it that way. How could anyone, least of all a man, tell her what she needed more than her heart?

A beaming smile crossed Tanya's face, and she moved in for another passionate kiss, swishing her tail as she ground her ass firm against Tuthru's tip. "Consider me bought, my love! I'm yours, and nobody else's! Make me happy, and I'll make you the happiest you've ever been!" Tuthru let out a happy little growl as her claws trailed down to Tanya's rump. "Ohh! I'll make you the happiest whore in history!!! I need you in my life so bad Tanya~"

# Chapter 3 - And then they gey!

With a satisfied sigh, Tuthru cast her dress onto the floor, revealing the full majesty of her nude form. "Ahh~ That's better! I don't normally wear clothes around the house, I do so hope that won't be a problem for you~" Tuthru smiled, Tanya's gaze fixed on the dragon's shaft which was now twitching at full mast. Tuthru held out a hand to her, and Tanya took it, daintily rising to her feet and letting out a nervous giggle as she slipped off her dress. "So far from a problem, as you would not beleive, my queen~" Tuthru smiled happily, pulling Tanya close to her body, pressing the two of them together. Her erect cock jutted up against Tanya's belly, twitching happily and drooling with precum. "Excellent, then I take it you won't mind being similarly... relaxed about revealing your body in the presence of your true love, dare I say even your goddess?" Tuthru grinned, giving her ass an excited wiggle as she explored Tanya's body with her hands. Tanya swooned up at the dragon, giving her another passionate kiss. She softly caressed the knob of Tuthru's member and cradled it between her soft breasts "Why of course, my goddess~ And I imagine your cock needs so much attention you'll just be sliding it into me whenever you need to? Your shaft is so smelly and greasy, and you need a woman to take proper care of it, a woman properly equipped with all the right holes to scrape it clean in~" Tuthru locked her lips with Tanya, moaning in utter bliss and happiness. This woman understood her like no other. With a happy moan of utter pleasure, she slid her cock deep into Tanya's dripping pussy, the warm embrace of the lizard's labia around Tuthru's hard needy cock sending tingles shooting like lightning down the length of her shaft and filling her body with the most amazing sensation of bliss. Shot after shot of thick white cum began to gush under pressure, from Tuthru's gaping flare and flooded Tanya's womb in an instant. The two women locked together in an iron-tight embrace as Tuthru disgorged her load, sighing with relief after each shuddering pulse of her minutes-long orgasm. When finally her shot had finished, she collapsed against Tanya, her head landing amongst the raptor's ample bosoms.

"Holy fuck Tanya! That was like...six times a normal orgasm for me!" Tanya giggled, giving her lover's ass a playful squeeze. "Well, I'm glad you enjoyed it at least, was hoping this would last a bit longer though..." Tuthru reared back with a devious grin, the flared tip of her shaft digging deep into the walls of Tanya's womanhood as the dragon steadily stiffened once more, flipping the Raptor over to plough her from behind and shower her neck and back in kisses. The dragoness pressed her glistening black lips right up against Tanya's ear, smirking with playful deviousness as she softly stirred her shaft in Tanya to keep herself tingling on the edge of release, "You think I'm only good for six shots sweetie!? Clearly you have no idea how much draining I need! But you're right about one thing~ I need a lot of love, even cumming at six times the rate, you may struggle to keep on top of the sheer amount of cum brewing in my balls." Every word made Tanya tingle with pleasure, as Tuthru's cock effortlessly defiled each of the most intimate and sensitive spots along the inside of her, before slamming deep back inside and making her scream in surprise as she clutched the sheets instinctually. She looked up at Tuthru in awe and bewilderment. "Y-you're hard again!? F-fack that's so hot~ How long is this gonna go on!?" She rolled onto her side to look up at her lover's bouncing tits as the dragoness began to rhythmically rail her, wet slapping sounds echoing around the suite as Tuthru ploughed through her own thick sticky mess that she had made in the gorgeous woman. "As long as I want it to babe~" The fresh angle had a whole set of spikes digging into Tanya's g-spot in the most delightful way, and looking up at Tuthru's smug posessive expression as the dragon made a meal out of her, was enough to send her whole lower half into a shuddering orgasm, writhing and tensing as the dragon relentlessly pumped away with her brutal breeding equipment. The twitching and tensing around Tuthru's fat shaft was the most amazing sensation, and Tuthru slowed her thrusts right down so as not to blow her pork again too quickly, and to let Tanya ride the immense waves of pleasure that coursed through her body. A smirk crossed her face, heart sweling with pride as she looked down at this gorgeous beauty convulsing in perfect bliss around her cock, the perfect stroke of the dragon's ego. Tuthru casually examined her nails, keeping half an eye on the naked form of her mate squirming at her mercy. "No need to make such a fuss dear~ Ecstatic pleasure is just the inevetable result of being skewered on my fuckpole, to endure it is part of your burden as my personal cumsink dear~ I do so hope that won't be an issue~?"

Tanya looked up at the glistening green eyes of her goddess, half-lidded in an expression of cool confidence combined with all-consuming carnal bliss. Bunching up the sheets between her claws, she mustered enough breath between wheezing pants of pleasure to form a coherent response "S-so far **~ahhh~** from a problem **~ohhhhh~** a-as you would not beleive, my goddess!" Her bright crimson eyes gazing up at Tuthru in an expression clouded by lust and pleasure, her jaw dropped limply open as her climax decayed into sparse aftershocks and micro-orgasms triggered by the slightest stirings of Tuthru's throbbing cock inside her. She rolled onto her back, and the two resumed their previous loving embrace, sharing a passionate kiss between them, moans and lip-smackings sounding out between them as Tuthru continued to slowly satisfy her cravings inside Tanya's womb. Tuthru rolled Tanya on top of her as the kiss broke, leaving a trail of saliva between their lips. "That is ever so good to hear, my love~ In that case, why don't you ride me, indulge yourself in as much of the sweet pleasure of my cock as your mortal body can take, and if you please me well I might decide to cum again inside you, wouldn't that be a pleasant treat~" Tuthru winked up seductively at Tanya, resting her hands behind her head and relaxing back into the pillows. Tanya bit her lip with a smile, raising herself vertical, causing Tuthru's member to sink even deeper within her as her full weight pressed down against the dragon's pelvis.

Tanya bit her lip in a sheepish smile as she clutched her hands to her bosom, admiring Tuthru's smug and self-satisfied expression. The dragoness gently gyrated her hips, keeping herself rigid inside the raptor and guiding the rhythm of the lovemaking even from a more submissive position. Tanya pulled her legs into a straddling position, taking her weight onto her knees and gently began following suit to Tuthru's wiggles, lifting her pussy lips up and down the first few inches of Tuthru's length. Feeling the intimate touch of Tuthru's flesh sliding inside her own pushed her back to the precepice of blissful oblivion in mere moments as lustful moans escaped her mouth and she began to naturally grind her hips up and down more and more of the dragon's meaty erection, scratching her own deep itches on the hard pillar of meat which lay skewered firmly amidst her soft and vulnerable insides. Tuthru's hands gently wrapped around the base of Tanya's shapely green thighs, her squeezes becoming firmer and firmer as Tanya's strokes gradually began to quicken in pace. Tanya pressed her chest back against Tuthru's, the pair passionately kissing once again as the dragon's hands wandered gradually up to Tanya's rump, squeezing and spreading the raptor's cheeks as they rode quicker and quicker up and down the dragon's meat. Rhythmic wet slaps sounded out, mixed in with deep passionate moans and sloppy kisses as the gentle lovemaking changed by degrees into brutal rhythmic fucking, the hard pungent pillar of Tuthru's pride shuttling in and out of Tanya's tight wet cunt until Tuthru gripped her lover's plump round arse and held it firm slamming herself to the hilt inside Tanya. Another wave of release graced the dragon's body as her nuts clenched tight in to her body and squirted their contents into Tanya with an unceremonious squelching sound masked by the incoherent moans of Tuthru's much-needed orgasm.

Tuthru rolled onto her side, kissing Tanya's lips as she thrust through the last few squirts of cum. "Mhmm~ You gorgeous bitch! I always knew that the key to heaven was between my legs, but finally, after a lifetime of searching, I think I've found the keyhole that it fits~" A devious grin crossed her face, as she caressed Tanya's cheek, softly kissing her on the lips. "I want to spend every night with you, just like that!" Tanya giggled, returning the kiss and gently cupping her hand as far as she could around Tuthru's still drooping nutsack. "You're talking like we've somehow finished for the night? I'm no expert, but you feel like you have a lot, lot more left to give me, my dear!" With a playful growl, Tuthru pulled the duvet over the pair of them, snuggling up tight with Tanya and still slotted tight inside her. "You're damn right there dear!" With a playful chuckle, the pair of them continued their passionate lovemaking late into the night, shivering in each others' embrace and dredging new depths of pleasure together that neither of them could have imagined before.

As the sun rose and flooded the room with a deep amber glow, Tanya was the first to awaken. Tuthru's head was unceremoniously flopped to one side, sunk deep into the softness of her pillow with her tongue hanging limply from her mouth as deep rhythmic snores rumbled up from her chest. Tanya giggled and softly rested her head between Tuthru's soft warm breasts, feeling comforted as they gently rose and fell in time with the peaceful snores of her companion. The bedsheets were held aloft by what Tanya initially thought was her lover's knee bent under the sheets, but upon closer inspection the tent of the bedclothes was soaked through with a sticky white substance emeanating from its peak. Tanya tentatively reached a hand down toward the makeshift tentpole and softly gripped it, her fingers unable to close around the throbbing girth of Tuthru's raging stiffy. She bit her lip, the dragon was so virile, all night they had been making love, that cock had blown its load more times than she cared to count and yet not only was the dragon still hard as steel but was apparently still so overwhelmingly horny as to be having a wet dream!

Gently pulling down the sheets, she brought the steaming fleshy pillar out into the daylight, revealing the thick sticky puddles of cum that had pooled on Tuthru's belly and around her waist. The cool morning air brushing against the sensitive flesh of her cock had clearly registered in Tuthru's slumbering mind as she twitched softly in response and rolled onto her side, her cum-covered cock landing with a wet meaty thwhack between the soft pillows of Tanya's rump. Clutching her partner close with a groggy moan, Tuthru opened one eye and smiled. "Morning dear~" with a smirk she glanced down to her bare loins, and back up at Tanya's face with a playful smirk, "Couldn't keep your hands off me, I see?" Tanya smiled sheepishly, gently stroking the throbbing length of Tuthru's cock. "How could I!? You're so damn virile, and you clearly still need my loving touches~" Tuthru replied with a loving kiss, swishing her tail happily, "I sure do, my sweet...but you know what I need even more right now?" She sat up and shuffled to the edge of the bed, mopping up the worst of the cum from her body with the duvet, as her stomach let out a hungry growl. "I'm gonna go get some breakfast, care to join me?" Playfully, she held out a hand to Tanya who gleefully took it, and the pair trotted over to the dining room, naked bodies glistening in the dawn light.

# Chapter 4 - The Marketplace

Tanya's high heels clacked along the cobbles of the boulevard as she almost skipped her way through the marketplaces and boutique shops, her eyes sparkling and hungry. "Ohh! And I want one of those...and a few pairs of those! Oh fuck I gotta have that!!" As she went along she was pointing out a huge range of different accessories, necklaces, dresses, earrings and swimsuits. Tuthru followed along, a few paces behind with a confident swagger which made her hips sway, she was writing out cheques for each thing that caught her lover's eye, struggling to keep up with the barrage of requests but loving every second of making her wishes come true. "How about one of these! I think it would look great on you!" Tuthru held up a pearl necklace from a jeweller's store, holding it up to frame Tanya's face " Such a lavish gift, I couldn't possibly~" Tanya retorted, smirking cheekily. Tuthru replied simply by hanging it around the lizard's neck and giving her a kiss on the cheek, whispering sensually in her ear "Shush dear~ You're my bitch now, I get to decorate you however pleases me~ I'm just asking for your opinion on what will make my cock hard as steel, since you seem to be so fucking good at it" Tanya swooned a little as Tuthru reached into her pouch, fetching out a gold pentagonal coin with a circle of red stained glass in the middle, idly tossing it to the keeper of the stall. "Keep the change"

Tanya giggled giddily, clutching her new accessory to her chest as she bit her lip. Tuthru wrapped her arm around Tanya's shoulder and continued to walk with her. "Now, it's time you learned that when I make a promise, I fucking well intend to keep it!" She guided her to a lavish looking shoe shop, proudly located in a large ornate building. The name "Viniero" was emblazoned in gold text above its shopfront, made of huge glass panes showing off the wares inside. In pride of place, atop a pedestal were a pair of high heels. As Tanya realized where her new girlfriend was taking her, her eyes widened and her jaw dropped. "Nooo! Tuthru!? The 88s..?" Tuthru flashed her a knowing wink "Yep! C'mon let's go in~" Tanya squeaked excitedly, giving a little skip. She trotted in, following Tuthru who strode confidently up to the counter with one hand on her hip. She slid a few large coins from her pouch and placed them on the counter in front of her. "I'll take two pairs of your finest 88s please, for my lovely girlfriend over there~" She smiled and flashed a wink at Tanya who was standing bashfully a few steps behind her. The man behind the counter looked up at her with a judgemental expression. "Your...uh...girlfriend? I'm afraid to have to say this madame but we don't serve...your sort...at this establishment. I do hope you have a pleasant day but if you'd please move alon-" "Ahahah what..." Tuthru's jovial expression fell instantly and hardened into a grave expressionless stare. The sudden change of attitude shut the clerk up in a snap, and he looked up at her with the expression of a little boy caught by his mother with a hand in the cookie jar. "Say that again, because I hope for your sake I heard you wrong the first time..." The store attendant physically gulped, before stammering out a response. "I...uhhh...it's store policy madame!"