Phoenicia turned her attention to the whores in her responsibility, casting a watchful eye over each of them and going through her mental encyclopedic checklist of the unreasonably strict etiquette befitting a member of Tuthru’s harem. Satisfied that everything was in order, she strode over to the balcony and rested herself against the railings, arms folded neatly beneath her plump bust as she surveyed the gardens with a gentle smile. Vistas of lush green grass, peppered with a network of canals and ponds, all branching out from a veritable lake at the center, around which was situated each of the five houses of Tuthru’s wives, including her own. It was then, from behind her, that she heard the arrival bell announcing the presence of her wife and goddess. She turned around just in time to see the tall golden curvacous figure of her lover storming purposefully away from her down the corridor, purple robes fluttering in the breeze behind her. Locating the love of her life was hardly a difficult task, despite the enormous and labyrinthine layout of the harem residences and despite the fact that Tuthru has strolled down an arbitrary corridor with the intent of picking a room at random. By the time the trail of clothing had reached its end, Phoenicia could hear the telltale rhythmic meaty slapping of her wife letting out some frustration on a nearby courtesan. Strolling down the row of rooms without doors, many occupied by Tuthru’s trophies passing the time in various ways, she finally found the one where the unlucky victim of Tuthru’s whims had been resting, apparently innocently reading a book which had now been discarded on the floor. Now she was bent over the bed, having her womb thoroughly reshaped by Tuthru’s 38 inch bitch breaker as she held nothing back, nuts slapping against the woman’s thighs as Tuthru held her by the hips and moaned happily with each rough thrust.

Tuthru slammed herself into the whore at her mercy, a devlish grin on her face as she felt the spines of her flare pop past the woman’s cervix and lock that pillar of flesh deep into her body. It felt amazing, warm soft tightness clamping down on her pulsating member. It had been hours now HOURS!! She wasn’t sure whether obsessively pawing at her stiffy all day had made it harder or easier to deal with, and she didn’t much care, it wasn’t her problem to take care of anymore, she had done her work for the day and now it was time to sit back and let make her wives earn their goddess’ love. She slammed herself in to the hilt, her steel-hard dick bulging out the belly of the woman beneath her as pulsating waves of refreshing pleasure began to wrack the body of the dragoness. Thick gooey ropes of cum gushed down the length of the goddess’ dick, jetting from her tip under enormous pressure despite its almost dough-like consistency. Once the womb was full, thick wet spurts of her backed-up seed began to gush from the woman’s twat and splattered all over Tuthru’s thighs and leathery swinging nutsack, dripping down her legs and slowly coagulating under the shuddering she-stud as she raised her head to the air and roared with power and pleasure. Phoenicia’s heart practically melted with love at her wife’s display of dominance, Tuthru having not even realized the doe was there, so caught up in the hedonistic enjoyment of her current prey. That was, until she dismissed the whore with a firm push, dislodging the woman from her dick. Initially she fell to the bed, but Tuthru pushed her to one side to claim that spot for herself.

Phoenicia quickly prepared a glass of water for her lover, as the rabbit lay spreadeagled on the floor, thick cum slowly pouring from her twat. The deer stepped over her, moving with a sweet and loving smile toward Tuthru. “Good afternoon, my divine beauty! I hope everything is to your liking, this afternoon?” Tuthru took the glass from her wife’s hand, swallowing the contents in one swift motion before handing the empty glass back to her. “To my liking? Yeah, the bare minimum shit’s just fine here, but since when did I have to be the one finding bitches to fuck eh? I should be putting more effort into fighting them off my dick than into finding a hole to cum in!! Look how fucking knackered I am!” Phoenicia giggled, taking the glass back over to the sink, washing it out and filling it up again. “If you like, I can arrange for whores to descend on your godhood like a plague of locusts! Or better, I could speak to Kasia about concocting some diabolical lotion to make your dick physically addictive~” Tuthru grinned happily, admiring Phoenicia’s ass. “Ohh, you know how to speak my language babe! But no, not right now…I mean put that second idea on the list for later, but tonight I feel like I need to let off a bit of steam!” She got up from the bed, cock still semi-hard and dripping spunk all over the floor like a snail trail. She pulled the deer close to her, clutching her tight in a one-armed embrace and passionately kissed her on the lips.

“Let’s head out to the garden, I have a game for us to play!”

---

Phoenicia trailed a few steps behind her wife, her brazenly exposed chest jiggling with each confident stride she made. The pair made their way at a leisurely pace toward the perch, located at the center of the lower harem garden. Thick, salty beads of sweat ran down Tuthru’s glistening black ballsack as it hung especially low and heavy today. Phoenecia gently ran a hand down Tuthru’s side with a loving smile on her face.

“You deserve a rest, my love. And to unburden your divine jewels a little.”

“Fuck! Yeah…tell me about it~” replied Tuthru “They feel like they’re gonna fall off they’re so damn heavy, and so achingly…burstingly full.”

The goddess bit her lip, just thinking about how much she needed to soothe her lust made her 3ft breeding rod buck and bulge with excitement. She stretched her arms above her head, moaning as she relished in the feeling of a nude, afternoon stroll with her dick bobbing about in front of her, before wrapping her arm around Phoenicia’s waist and giving the doe’s left ass-cheek a firm squeeze.

“I can only begin to imagine, my love~ As a mortal, I don’t deserve to understand, the agony, the sacrifice for you to bear such a gratuitous load. Such a sacrifice you make for us undeserving mortals, we wives are honoured and pleased to give our utmost to give even the slightest relief to your overladen orbs, my dear~”

Phoenicia didn’t break step, maintaining her businesslike rhythm. Gently, she coiled her wrist around the tip of Tuthru’s member and ever so delicately clutched it to her chest, to keep it comfortable and safe between her heaving bosoms. As wife of such a well-endowed creature as Tuthru, one of her duties was to wrangle her lover’s unwieldy pillar from throwing her off-balance, or tangling up in her legs as she walked.

As the pair began to approach the perch, the courtesans who were there began kneeling to honour the presence of their patron, the only exceptions being Tanya and Kasia. In keeping with their role as wives, and therefore keepers of Tuthru’s harem, they swept their gaze around the garden to make sure all the lower ranking whores fell into line, before going to greet their lover in person. Tuthru received them both with open arms, a smile of pure love and contentment on her. Tanya giggled happily, planting a passionate kiss on her wife’s lips before instinctually falling to her knees. Already her longing gaze was on the massive package bobbing between Tuthru’s legs and she wished for nothing more than to cool off those balls by putting one into her mouth and choking herself on it, slathering it with her saliva before moving on to the next, switching between the two all night long, savouring the meaty taste of her goddess’ virile nards for as long as it pleasured her love to do so.

Kasia followed suit, pressing her bust to Tuthru’s as the two kissed deeply. As their lips parted, the rat reached a hand down, staring at the dragoness’ swollen nutsack. Gently gripping the godess’ balls earned a moan of pleasure, her golden clawed toes digging into the meticulously groomed grass beneath her feet. Kasia gave a satisfied smirk, looking into the face of her polygamous patron.

“Looks…and feels like my new potion is having the desired effect right love?”

Tuthru just nodded, biting her lip as her hips started to almost involountarily sway in response to the gentle rubs and squeeze administered by Kasia. She ran her fingers through the rat’s soft yellow hair, her tongue hanging limply from her mouth as her breaths became deep and sensual.

“Very much so, my sweet~ I’m sure you’ll get to see more results tonight, you know me, I don’t hold back!!!”

Gently coaxing her cock from Phoenicia’s grip, she pointed its tip towards Tanya. The petite raptor swished her tail as she stared down the drooling barrel of her wife’s leg-long bitch breaker. She dipped her hands into a deep bowl of oil mixed with various herds and spices, kept in the garden above a spirit burner to keep it keep it constantly warm, soaking her hands in the smooth velvety substance. She began to gently wrap each of her soft smooth hands around the gravid pillar of meat that swung from Tuthru’s loins. She squeezed just below the medial ring, savouring the feeling of her mistress’ veiny cock throbbing and pulsating between her fingers as she struggled to fit them all the way around.

Kasia stared down at the raptor, her own hand gently wrapped around Tuthru’s nuts and administering perfectly timed rubs and tugs to maximize her mistress’ pleasure, as Phoenicia began to passionately make out with the goddess. Tanya planted a passionate kiss on the tip of the deific dong, working her tongue around its flared head and lapping up the copious drooling precum before it dripped down her neck, still softly stroking with both hands.

Tuthru grinned smugly down at her wife, grabbing the raptor’s glossy red plumage and pulling gently. Tanya followed suit, sliding her lips down the black equine shaft as the flared spiny head battered its way down her throat. Bubbles and thick strings of spit gushed messily over the greasy pillar as Tanya begin audibly gagging and choking on the thick slab of meat, coating it in a thick layer of her copious saliva.

“That’s right, my love. Get me nice and lubed up so I can properly enjoy my bitches, you’re such a good girl~”

Tuthru pulled her lover’s face off her dick, the meaty monster twitching in pleasure and dousing the raptor in thick ropes of precum. Tanya began desperately gasping for air the moment the cock left her face, moaning and hugging it to her shoulder with an expression of love and awe on her face. Tanya slowly rose to her feet, taking a proud confident stance as she struggled to regain her breath. Tuthru gently caressed her face, gently brushing her cheek.

“Tanya, my dear. Might I suggest you go and fix your makeup, your eyeliner is all fucked up! I expect better from you.” The two shared a knowing smirk as Tuthru playfully waved her hand dismissively. “Don’t enter my sight again until you’re adequately beautiful!…And while you’re at it could you fetch Sonya and Alessa, Tell both of them to bring someone…disposable~ I have a test of loyalty for you all!” With that, she took Phoenicia and Kasia in each arm and lead the way towards the perch, her comfortable lounging bed in the garden. Lined with cushions and silk sheets it sat on the prow of the hill on the Eastern side of the garden, overlooking the grounds. With a soft smile Tuthru sat down, lounging lazily across the apparatus, quickly joined by Kasia and Phoenicia who she began to passionately shower with kisses, much to the delight of her meaty fucklog. Phoenicia casually took a ladle full of the specially treated oil to pour on Tuthru’s balls, slowly but firmly rubbing the sticky fluid into her fat round nuts. Tuthru turned to Kasia with an inquisitive expression, “What’s in it today, love?”

Kasia’s face bore an almost manic grin as the question was asked, gently rubbing the tipward shaft of Tuthru’s cock, to let her feel the warming effects of the oil. She began listing off ingridients with fervour, her voice dripping with fanatic passion. “Today the base is made with cedar oil, lemon zest and black pepper, finely ground! These harden your cock beyond belief, and let you keep up a stiffy for hours! Thick cream, scalded and mixed with raspberry juice will soak into your nuts and put them on overdrive. Cardamom, will bring your sensitivity to a hair trigger. Gelatin, gives a more pleasant texture and stimulates growth!” With a smile she planted a kiss on the tip of Tuthru’s cock, smiling as she rubbed her handiwork into her lover’s eager flesh. The dragoness trailed her fingers around the back of Kasia’s neck, giving gentle soft rubs to the rodent’s special spot. “Good girl! It feels amazing! And Phoenicia, your fingerwork is phenomenal as always~”

While the ladies worked on her junk, Tuthru turned her attention to the snack table beside her. Her perch was always kept loaded with a fresh array of baked goods, sweet treats and savoury snacks to keep her stomach full while her wives worked on keeping her balls empty, thus fulfilling the two main requirements to acheive a happy goddess. And a very happy goddess she was, as she picked up a large slice of chocolate cake and took a huge bite into it, rich and dense but with a firm bite to it. Few things were more gratifying to her than a huge sweet mouthful of cake. Kasia and Phoenicia pressed their wife’s member between their plump tits, taking her attention back away from her stomach for a few moments as they began to grind their bodies up and down the huge ebony pillar of pleasure.

---

It was then that Tanya returned with a small train, Sonya and Alessa arrived in her wake followed by a lower ranking concubine from each of their respective houses. The concubines moved to the plateau before the perch, and knelt down, at this point totally ignored by Tuthru whose attention was taken up by the cream of the crop, her perfect wives who had just arrived on the scene. Six titties jiggled delightfully in her vision as they strode toward her. The central, green pair belonged to Tanya who skipped excitedly forward with her hands clasped. To her right was Sonya, her soft round elegant curves swaying salaciously with each step as her thick black tail swished slowly but powerfully behind her. She blew a kiss at her mistress, her long black eyelashes fluttering over her deep sapphire eyes in a seductive wink. Finally, bringing up the rear was Alessa, who lazily santered up behind the other two, letting out a lungful of thick black smoke before taking another deep drag on her cigar. The three joined their companions on the perch, the five wives now packed in tight around Tuthru who softly groped and cuddled each of them as she enjoyed the chaotic flurry of appreciative kisses licks and rubs applied to her cock.

Tuthru turned her attention to the three ladies knelt before her, “Why don’t you introduce me to tonight’s sacrifices while Phoenicia and Kasia fetch theirs to complete the set?” Taking the hint, the deer and the cat both scuttled off in separate directions, reluctantly leaving the warm embrace of their lover. Sonya wriggled up to Tuthru’s side, pressing her sizeable bust against the dragon’s shoulder as she gestured for her tribute to stand.

A curvaceous, blue striped feline rose to her feet, her head bowed respectfully as dark grey hair cascaded over her shoulders. “I live to serve! It is a glory and an honour to serve the one true goddess!” Tuthru cocked her head to one side, eying her up past the greasy black throbbing of her own fat cock. “Pleasant to look at, but how is she to fuck?” she casually asked, turning to Sonya with an inquisitive expression. The serpent smiled, her deep blue eyes narrowing seductively, “Same as all of my whores, darling! I put them all through their paces, each one is ready to take you to the hilt at a moment’s notice, and as ever she is primed with all of my standard hypnotic triggers.” She raised one arm above her head in a smooth sensual motion, unravelling her hand before placing her thumb and forefinger firmly together. A sharp snap rang out through the garden, along with the deep seductive hiss of Sonya’s voice “**Drop**”. The cat fell to her knees, her thighs quivering as her pussy clenched uncontrollably. She clasped her hands over her crotch as she struggled to stay upright, moaning and panting in pleasure, before eventually her legs gave out beneath her and she collapsed to the floor in a flurry of pleasured moans. Tuthru let out a sadistic giggle, shoving a cherry into her mouth and chewing on it with a smirk, “Very nice work~ That’ll come in useful for my plans tonight” How about you Alessa?”

The panther lifted her head up from Tuthru’s thigh, looking up at the dragoness as she softly nuzzled into the base of her cock. “Ohhh~ I dunno…I just tried to pick someone you’d like!” She gestured vaguely in the direction of the curvy grey jackal kneeling beside the still spasming tigress on the lawn. “Been working on getting Bella here addicted to you, I’d say she’s almost as enamoured with your glorious balls as I am!!” Alessa giggled heartily, burying her nose into Tuthru’s soft churning plums and giving a wet sloppy smooch to the closest one before giving an affectionate smile to her dragon. “But yeah, she’s fairly new to my house but she’s a natural!” Tuthru smirked, gesturing for Bella to rise to her feet. She did so, repeating the same line as the tigress, but instead of a respectful bowed head, she greeted the goddess with hungry eyes fixated on her thick meatstick. Tuthru flicked her eyes back to Alessa “A natural, you say?” and then back to Bella “Demonstrate!”. The dragoness spread her legs, her wives clearing a path for the jackal who nervously stepped forward, gently clutching Tuthru’s penis between her hands. She took a few moments, happily enjoying the feel of the meaty trunk between her hands, before cramming it down her throat without hesitation. Tuthru let out a groan of bliss as her lips slid down to the swollen base of her cock, clutching Sonya and Tanya tight to her sides as her erection simply vanished down into the gullet of the hungry canine. Alessa gripped Bella’s ears, putting a firm pressure on her head, preventing her from pulling away as her throat began to spasm and twitch around Tuthru’s member. “That’s it, show her your devotion!!” Tears rolled from the lynx’s unblinking determined stare into her mistress’ face, and as Alessa removed her pressure from the back of Bella’s head she pulled slowly away, leaving Tuthru’s phallus coated in a thick layer of stringy throat-slime. Through coughs and splutters she managed to rasp out “Thank you for blessing my unworthy body as your divine fuckhole, my queen!” Tuthru smiled, seemingly genuinely impressed with the jackal’s skill. “That’s quite alright! You’ve some room for improvement, but unlike many you haven’t let your addiction to air impede your true purpose, devotion to my divine perfection~” With a polite nod, Bella returned to her spot on the lawn, still gazing lustfully at the divine dong, still slathered with her juices as Tanya worked on applying a fresh coating of Kasia’s Salve of Virility.