Kaldari weddings were conducted in purpose-built temples, a skeleton structure of a pyramid chapel decorated with stained-glass windows and built on well-maintained lawns of lush green grass. It was on one of these ‘wedding fields’ that Tuthru’s first wedding was set to take place. Purpose built for Tuthru and her brides-to-be it was in prime position up on the bluff to be seen by all those below, yet feeling remarkably private for a venue easily visible by thousands of people below. Inside the structure itself, the guests had already begun to gather. Most of them were close friends of the two brides, but a signifigant number were reluctant envoys of foreign nations invited to reluctantly bear witness to what they considered to be a barbaric practice for numerous reasons, not least of which was because concealing one’s passionate parts was forbidden in traditional Kaldari wedding gardens.

Sonya stood beside the wedding altar, wearing a pristine white robe that can only really be described as a boob-hammock. Cupping and presenting her pert round mammaries, and giving her a much more grand and refined air than the subtle elegance of her usual bondage ribbons. She lit the oil burner beneath the jar of ceremonial oil, letting it warm up nicely before Tuthru arrived to claim her wife.

---

Tuthru looked into the mirror, almost struggling to see herself as Phoenicia helped her to finish fitting her helmet, the final part of her gold-plated show armour, aside from the cock-gauntlet which she wouldn’t be wearing today as not only was excessive clothing forbidden in the marriage field, but she would be needing it for her part in the coming ceremony. This fact didn’t stop her from decorating it heavily, however, donning her full gamut of cock-rings dangling golden chains and bejewelled weights hanging from her fat steaming balls. Her armour was excellently crafted, silver-plated steel polished to a mirror shine and inlaid with gold patterning and verses of scripture written in high Kaldari, and her breastplate was fashioned to look like a large pair of silver hands cupping and presenting her enormous chest. Her helmet obscured her features, presenting a cold silver facade of the eyeless, expressionless stare with the subtlest hint of condescension. Her horns being made into spokes of an almost halo that made her appear much larger and imposing. This armour was purely for show, and Tuthru couldn’t help but give a smirk of vanity; her armoured face maintained its aloof and unfazed expression.

Sensing her goddess’ pride, Phoenicia mirrored her expression and admired Tuthru’s form in the mirror. “You’re looking wonderful, my dear!” She gazed down at the semi-erect chub twitching between Tuthru’s thighs “Getting excited for the big day?” Tuthru just nodded slowly, before looking down at the doe. “You realize you’re next, right?” Phoenicia smiled sweetly and kissed Tuthru’s hand “I didn’t dare presume, my love. But I figured it was likely to be myself or Sonya who would next be committed to your eternal love~ It’s an honour, my dear, not to mention a…delightful pleasure. But that’s for another day, today is about you and Tanya. I want to make it perfect for both of you!” Tuthru gently stroked Phoenicia’s head before politely crossing her arms behind her back, causing her to subtly present her hefty chest and member. “Lead on then, my dear!”

---

When Tuthru arrived at the wedding field, Tanya was already there and let out a squeal of excitement as the dragon approached her, cock unabashedly stiffening as she laid eyes on Tanya in her provocative bridal gear. An ivory-white mask covered her face, with a glistening golden veil which draped below the level of her neck and tickled the top of her boobs. Her womanhood was framed by a golden belt of sorts draped with jewels and intricate gold chains, as well as her entire body being decorated with intricate patterns. Tanya couldn’t help but swoon a little as she looked her bride up and down, her eyes welling up a little as she was overcome by the sheer emotion, she wanted nothing more than to just pounce on Tuthru and shower her body in passionate kisses but she knew it would upset Tuthru if either of them were to mess up their makeup before the ceremony was complete (even though she was sure the dragon would be equally dissapointed if it lasted the whole night).

Tanya took one last look at her divine love, a shining beacon of both femininity and virility in all aspects she adored, and settled for pulling her into a gentle embrace. “Ohh Tuthru~ I love you so much!! I’m so excited!!!” The indifferent gaze of Tuthru’s faceplate met her eyes as Tanya felt a firm slap on her right ass cheek followed by a passionate squeeze “Love you too, my gorgeous whore~ I don’t think you realize how fucking happy I’m gonna make you!” Tanya went a little weak at the knees as Tuthru tapped her ass again gently and turned her toward the temple. She grinned dumbly to herself as she pondered the sheer brazenness of the gesture, her heart fluttering for the arrogant cocksure goddess she adored.

A silence fell over the assembled guests as Tuthru strode into the temple, hands clasped behind her back. Tanya kept pace a few steps behind her, and to her right, as was tradition. the soft, fresh-cut grass felt gently prickly beneath the pair’s bare feet as they padded toward the altar where Sonya waited with her arms held out in a welcoming gesture. “Tuthru Al’Kaldaiir! Goddess of Decadence and Queen of Kaldaria! A pleasure to bid you passage to the garden of love. For what purpose do you honour us with your presence today?” Tuthru turned and gestured to Tanya “So…I met this bitch and her cunt feels real nice when I shove my dick in it. Well, she agreed to enter into a contract of souls as my sub-wife, and I wasn’t gonna say no to a hot slut giving up her own agency to spend eternity scraping the sweat off my cock with her twat so, if it’s not too much trouble, make her mine!” Many of the assembled guests physically recoiled in disgust at Tuthru’s brutal sexual boast at Tanya’s expense, but Tanya couldn’t help but bit her lip in arousal. This was the sort of treatment she loved especially in front of others, and Tuthru knew it. The goddess wasn’t afraid to give her what she wanted especially when talking like that made her so damn hard, her connection with Tanya went deeper than the 38 inches of her cock but given the choice between acting soppy and romantic, vs behaving like a total sex-crazed brute in front of others the choice was obvious, especially when her public image was based on the latter.

Sonya sighed and shook her head with a knowing smile, “So you’re saying you’d like to offer this woman a place by your side, as your sub-wife.”

“That’s correct, yes.”

“Okay, then please take a seat at the altar, so your soul may sit in the throne of dominion over hers.” Tuthru nodded and sat down atop the altar, configured for today’s ceremony to accept someone with unusually large, masculine genitals. She rested her balls in their holder, and let her cock loom heavily over the large granite bowl beneath it, pulsating sotfly.

The priestess then turned to Tanya. “Tanya Al’Siylah! A pleasure to bid you passage to the garden of love. You venture here today because you consent to accept this woman’s offer, is that correct?” Tanya nodded eagerly. “Yes, that is correct Sonya~”

“Good, then take your place on the altar so your soul may sit in blissful obedience to she you have chosen to be your protector.” Tanya knelt at Tuthru’s feet, her knees sinking into the soft cushions that sat either side of the large elliptical bowl below Tuthru’s dragonhood, already it was beginning to fill with gooey discharge from Tuthru’s penis.

Sonya pulled open a scroll and began to read. “Today under the eyes of our one true goddess, a contract will be formed between Tuthru and Tanya, a contract that will be binding in both body and soul. Tuthru, do you consent to the following terms: To the best of your ability you agree to love your wife, protect her from danger physical, spiritual, emotional and financial and to act in her best interest to ensure her happiness and comfort in this life and the next? If so raise your hand and say ‘I consent’” Tuthru did so, raising her hand to chest height with her open palm facing outwards.

“I consent.”

“And Tanya, do you consent to the following terms: To the best of your ability you agree to love your wife, to satisfy all her needs physically, spiritually, emotionally and sexually, and relinquish all right to share your body without the permission of the one to whom you have committed?” Tanya smiled as she looked up into the dead eyes of Tuthru’s helmet, knowing full well that such permission would never be freely granted. She mirrored Tuthru’s gesture, holding out her palm. “She’s the only one I’ll ever need~ I consent!”

“Excellent! Then you may exchange consideration!” Tuthru and Tanya gently brushed their palms together before each bunching their hand into a fist which they pressed to their breast. Sonya smiled, closing the scroll as she pushed her chest out proudly. “Exellent! In that case, I declare the two of you to be married. Tanya, you may seal the arrangement with a kiss, and Tuthru, you may bear your mark upon your wife!” Tanya descended eagerly upon Tuthru’s cock, showering it in kisses, leaving a myriad of sticky lipstick marks up the rapidly stiffening flesh of her wife’s member. The crowd erupted in a combination of enthusiastic and reluctant cheers as the wedding bells began to ring. Tuthru basked in the attention, trying to seem unfazed by Tanya’s oral worship despite the fact that her cock was in utter heaven, something the rapid twitching and squirts of precum was not doing any favours for hiding. This carried on for a fair few minutes as an assistant began inking an intricate pattern onto Tanya’s side, the mark of Tuthru’s harem. Rubbing her cheek against her wife’s cock, taking in her exquisite musk, Tanya finished her display of affection by planting a wet sloppy kiss on each nut before standing up and proudly swinging her hips to show off the new owner’s mark.

Tuthru arose from the altar, gently caressing Tanya’s face and guiding her closer. The raptor squealed with joy and pulled her goddess into a tight and passionate embrace. As she pressed herself into Tuthru’s side, the goddess casually wrapped an arm around her consort as their tails coiled, hips swinging as they strolled arm in arm out of the marriage-temple. Shortly afterwards, the guests began to stand up, Sonya guiding them out of the temple and into the main garden. It was time for the mandatory event of any Kaldari ritual, the banquet.

---

Tuthru removed her helmet taking a breath of fresh air and smiling as she took Tanya’s hand gave her a passionate smooch on the lips. The raptor giggled as she returned the kiss, hugging Tuthru tight and plaiting their tails together as their boobs squished together. “Let’s go get some food babe, I’m fuckin’ starving!”

“You’re not the only one, my love~” Replied Tanya, wrapping her arms around Tuthru’s neck and clinging onto her wife’s waist with her legs. Tuthru wrapped her hands around Tanya’s thighs and lifted, carrying her as the two exchanged passionate kisses on the way to the banquet table which was set ready in a different wing of the temple. Tuthru’s dick twitched happily between her lover’s legs the whole way there, and when they arrived the two sat down at the head of the table. A special place was set for them, a huge comfortable seat decorated with roses and other flowers. The rest of Tuthru’s inner circle sat close by, each offering their congratulations.

Once everyone was seated, Tuthru stood up and raised her glass. The assembled crowd fell to a sudden controlled silence as the goddess began to give her speech. “Good afternoon, Ladies, Gentlemen and other distinguished guests! Thank you all for attending me on this happiest of days! I know many of you here may not approve of my marrying another woman, others among you may not approve of the fact that by no intention is she to be my only wife! As you will no doubt be aware I have no less than five of my concubines in the ‘firing line’ so to speak heheh~” She Jerked her dick in the direction of Alessa and Kasia who giggled with delight. “What matters though, is that Tanya and I love each other to bits, and that I’m in constant danger of spontaneously creaming myself whenever she’s around me, now that she is my consort I have no intention of suppressing that pleasure. She’ll be by my side always, and nothing will stop us from expressing our love for each other the way we were meant to! And anyone who wants to stop us can kiss their rail links and shipping routes a sweet goodbye! So on that note, I’ll invite you all to toast to Trans rights, Lesbian Validity and Kaldari Supremacy!”

Tuthru raised her glass and grinned a devious grin as seething foreign dignitaries and religious leaders all reluctantly raised their glasses, trying not to draw the attention of the likes of Stvenya who raised a large tankard of ale and let out a joyous howl, clinking it hard enough against the glass of Sylvanus (the silver, slender sergal sitting opposite him on the table) that it caused his glass to crack. Sylva couldn’t help but let out a wheezing laugh at the wolf’s enthusiasm. “Awooo~ Kaldaria Aendraekha!!!” he thumped his chest and downed his tankard in a single gulp. Sylva smiled and shook his head, responding in a soft and gravelly tone “Kaldaria Aendraekha indeed, my friend!” The wolf sat down, thrusting his mug in the general direction of a nearby waitress for a refill.

Tuthru whopped her dong onto the table, leaving a thick greasy smear on the tablecloth as that bejeweled member squirted strings of precum. Serving staff began filling the banquet tables with an impressive selection of foods. The menu had been set up by Leksa, Tuthru’s chief of revels and culinary experimenter. Her recipes were very hit-and-miss to say the least, owing to her habit of throwing ingredients together at random and calling it a masterpiece, before handing it over to more qualified chefs to be turned into something edible. With that said, Tuthru wasn’t averse to the odd food fight and some of Leksa’s gut-wrenching concoctions were quite entertaining as a tool to degrade the lower-ranking members of her harem. The overwhelming majority of Leksa’s work though was simple comfort food with no regard for long-term health benefits, and that was most of what was being served today. Cheeseburgers, chocolate cake, fried chicken, and enough chips to feed a small city were all being piled before the guests. Tuthru grabbed a bowl full of cheesy nachos and piled them onto Tanya’s plate, “Get yourself stuck into that babe!!” Tanya began eating, still stroking Tuthru’s cock as the goddess reached for a whole steak and began ripping into it with her teeth, savoring Leksa’s distinctive butter dressing. One of the wait staff came over to the wives with a traditional oiling stove, positioning the heated vessel next to the ladies’ chair. Leksa leaned out and gave a big wink in Tuthru’s direction, “Hey Tuthru, I had Kasia put something special in your cock-oil. Consider it a wedding present from the both of us!” Kasia held up her hands in a heart shape before blowing a kiss toward the dragon. Tuthru smirked and looked at the pot, before turning back to the two of them “You two are a pair of fuckin’ gems, y’know that!! Tanya…you know what to do~” Tuthru grinned, sitting back as she continued to enjoy her steak. Tanya gently took the ladle from the pot of warm oil and lifted it out, noting the feint blue sparkle held by the glistening greasy fluid. Smiling she began pouring it over Tuthru’s stone-hard member, filling the dragon’s potent pole with a tingling warmth of pleasure. The oil wicked down the spunky fuckpole and dribbled over the surface of her nutsack where it really began to take effect, losing its blue sparkle as it rolled over her potent plums, Kasia’s formula soaking into those already overproductive cum factories and causing them to light up with near orgasmic levels of pleasure as with each twitch of her pulsating cock the pressure inside them began rising to delightfully unbearable levels. As Tanya began massaging the treated oil into her wife’s musky member, its surface began to take on a slightly silvery appearance bubbling and fizzing a little as her cock began to pump out even more of its nostril-stingingly potent pheromones. Tanya didn’t stop her worship, wheezing a little from the smoky scent of Tuthru’s cock but still making sure to rub all her favorite spots and wank off each of her flare-spikes.

Tuthru put one foot up onto the table, straight into a trifle. As jam and custard squeezed between her toes, she bucked her hips causing the entire table to shift, and let out a frighteningly powerful jet of cum flying over several of the other tables. Tanya caught a few of the falling strands of jizz with one of her nachos and munched it down with an indulgent moan of bliss. Noting Tuthru’s obliterated trifle, Leksa wasted no time in cleaning off her mistress’ foot, after all it would be a shame to let it go to waste. Tanya continued stroking her wife’s cock like she was comforting an old friend, squirt after squirt unleashing itself from her breeding pole. Sylvanus sighed softly, reaching under the table for a small umbrella he brought with him. Opening it over his head he continued to enjoy his dinner in peace. Sonya planted a kiss on Tuthru’s cheek, gently rubbing the goddess’ boobs until her orgasm had died down enough for her to speak. “Mind if I have a go with that stuff Ru?” Tuthru sighed softly, her tongue hanging out of her mouth in pleasure as her member went limp and collapsed with a splat onto a cake and with a twitch iced the whole thing with a few strings of sperm. “Go ahead babe! Each of you will get your own turn in the prime position, but all of my weddings are about all six of you really…so go nuts!!” She handed Sonya the ladle, who proceeded to simply dunk her nuts stright in the jar as she gave Tuthru a kiss on the cheek. “Best wife by far! I don’t even care that we’re not married yet, you understand my needs better than anyone!”

As Sonya’s schlong hit the surface of the glistening grease, she straight away felt it take effect. In an instant her cock was hard as diamonds and her balls were threatening to reach critical pressure, small spurts of pre-orgasmic cum were shooting out of her dick and the audible popping and fizzing of her cock letting out clouds of greasy cloying stench was starting to mix with Tuthru’s and drive the other concubines mad. One by one they began climbing atop the table and spitting potshots at the pair of greased-up cocks. Leksa began squeezing ketchup and mustard over Tuthru’s fat shaft as Alessa began trying to suck it off as Tanya kept Tuthru’s fat rumbling nuts well oiled and full-to-bursting. As Tuthru let off shot after shot of fat slimy spunk, Kasia laid down beside that cock, covered in cream and custard (both literally and metaphorically) as she stroked off Sonya’s dong, amazed at the potency of her own concoction with string after string of sperm dripping down her face and tits.

Floods of musky white dragon sperm doused the other tables as Tuthru merely smirked at the pleasant array of sensations and ungodly mess that was unfolding before her. Blasting yet another load she stretched her arms above her head, thanks to Kasia’s oil and her own unmanageable libido her arousal was getting more and more desperate with each passing orgasm, rather than less. The goddess picked up her new wife, squeezing her boobs as she bent Tanya over the dining table and speared her through with the spiny fat shaft she adored so well. The warm, vice-like grip of Tanya’s womanhood was utter bliss around the veiny pillar. Spreading out her arms in the instinctual reaction to being pitched face-first into her own dinner did very little for Tanya except furthering the carnage, but as the she-bull’s nutsack rammed time and time again into Tanya’s clit the force of her thrusts were more than enough to make a meal of the beautiful assortment of food on the table before them.

Weth one hand still clutching Tanya’s left breast, Tuthru began feeding Tanya slices of cake with the other, still draining her nuts again and again but this time gushing her torrents of cockslop straight into Tanya’s womb.